Find a Job Learn more about how to get a job. What's on This Page Look for a Job Apprenticeships Employment and Job Training for Veterans Employment Assistance for People with Disabilities Employment of Foreign Nationals Work From Home Look for a Job Finding and getting a job can be a challenging process, but knowing more about job search methods and application techniques may increase your chances of success. CareerOneStop, part of the; American Job Center , offers information that may help you: Plan your job search Search for a job Write resumes, cover letters, and fill out applications Create a network Interview for a job and negotiate your salary Other resources: State Job Banks ;- Search your state to locate jobs openings in your area.;; Occupational Outlook Handbook ;- Educational requirements, growth rates, median pay, and more for hundreds of career fields.; State, Regional, and Local Resources - Guides to state, regional, and local Department of Labor programs and services. Federal Government Employment ;- Information on getting a job with the federal government. Jobs for Teens and Young Adults Learn about occupations;to help you plan your future. Job Corps ;-;Free educational and vocational training program that helps people ages 16 through 24 learn a trade, earn a high school diploma or GED, and get help finding a job. Tips and information for teens about how to get a job . Videos about federal jobs Jobs for Older Workers The Senior Community Service Employment Program (SCSEP) is a community service and work-based job training program for older Americans . The program provides training for low-income, unemployed seniors. If you are an older worker looking for a job, here are some tips to help you focus employers on the positive aspects of hiring an older worker. Jobs for Laid-off Workers If you have recently lost your job, visit CareerOneStop's; Worker ReEmployment ;for information and resources on job searching, benefits, and training options after a layoff. Job Scams While some companies honestly want to help you find a job, others are more interested in taking your money. Learn how to avoid scams or file a complaint: Job scams ;and how to avoid them Work at home schemes to avoid If you were scammed, you can file a complaint online or call the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) . Back to Top Apprenticeships Apprenticeships combine on-the-job training and related instruction in which you can learn skills needed to advance in your chosen field. Apprentice programs vary in length from one to six years. During that time, apprentices work and learn as employees. When you complete a registered program, you will receive a nationally recognized certificate from the Department of Labor (DOL) as proof of your qualifications. For more information: Visit;the DOL's website on; Registered Apprenticeships . To locate an apprenticeship program near you, visit the state apprenticeship web page . Back to Top Employment and Job Training for Veterans If;you;are a current or former U.S. servicemember looking for a civilian job, visit: CareerOneStop's; Veterans ReEmployment ;for information and resources about your job search, benefits, training opportunities, and more Veterans' Employment and Training Service (VETS) ;for;information preparing servicemembers for meaningful careers, providing employment resources and expertise Veterans Employment Center ;to search for jobs in your area Vocational Rehabilitation and Employment Program ;for;help with job training, employment accommodations, job-seeking skills coaching ;and individualized career counseling. This program also provides help for veterans who want to start their own businesses and for severely disabled vets who need assistance with independent living services. For federal employment, visit: Feds Hire Vets Veterans' Preference Advisor to learn about veterans' preference over other candidates when applying for;federal government jobs Back to Top Employment Assistance for People with Disabilities If you are disabled and looking for employment information or assistance with finding employment, there are many job resources available: Disability.gov ;provides federal, state, and non-governmental; employment resources for people with disabilities . Disability Online ;develops and implements workforce disability policy and program initiatives. The Ticket to Work program supports career development for Social Security disability beneficiaries age 18 through 64 who want to work. The program is free and voluntary. American Job Center ;provides information and assistance to help individuals, including people with disabilities, find jobs. Check with your; State Vocational Rehabilitation Services . These offices provide a variety of job services for people with disabilities, including employment counseling, evaluations, training, and placement. The; AbilityOne.gov ;program provides; employment opportunities ;for people who are blind, or who have other significant disabilities, with nonprofit agencies and community rehabilitation programs across the country. Visit the; Disability Employment ;section of the Office of Personnel Management;(OPM) website. It;provides information on the Federal government hiring processes, how to conduct a job search and reasonable accommodation to qualified employees with disabilities.; Back to Top Employment of Foreign Nationals Foreign Nationals Seeking Employment in the United States If you are a foreign national looking for work in the U.S.: Find out if you need to meet certain; educational and/or professional qualifications ;or have the necessary professional licenses .; Apply ;for an; Employment Authorization Document (EAD), or work permit ;with United States Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS). Complete; Form I-9 - Employment Eligibility Verification ;with your employer. The U.S. Department of State (DOS) will give you an immigrant visa number. Once you have this number: United States:;Change your visa status to; Permanent Resident ;with USCIS. Abroad:;Go to a; U.S. Embassy or Consulate ;to complete the; immigrant visa application process. Your; employer will need to file a request (petition) ;on your behalf. For general information or if you need help: United States:;Call USCIS at 1-800-375-5283 (TTY: 1-800-767-1833) Abroad:;Contact the nearest;USCIS international office ;or; U.S. Embassy or Consulate Canadian and Mexican Citizens Citizens of Canada or Mexico may be able to work in the United States under the; North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) Professional visa . Apply online ;or in person at a; U.S. Embassy or Consulate . Employers Seeking to Hire Foreign Nationals By law, you must;only employ individuals who;have permission to work in the U.S.;The online E-verify system allows companies to determine the eligibility of potential employees. If you have questions, contact the appropriate; E-Verify program support line . Companies are required to get certified and meet certain;conditions for hiring foreign workers.; Worksite enforcement investigations ;are performed by the;Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) to protect national security and to look for employers who violate employment laws or engage in abuse or exploitation of workers. Back to Top Work From Home Home-Based Business If you want to start your own home-based business, the Small Business Administration (SBA) offers a; guide for home-based businesses . This guide;includes start-up resources, tax information, and information about buying a home-based franchise. Home Office Deduction If you use a portion of your home for business, you may be able to take a; home office tax deduction . Work-at-Home Scams Learn what to look for in work-at-home scams . To file a complaint about a scam, contact the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) . Note:;The federal government never charges a fee for information about, or applications for, government jobs. You can; search and apply for federal government jobs for free on USAJOBS.gov. Federal Government Telework Guidelines If you are looking for information on teleworking in the federal government, visit www.telework.gov .; Back to Top Do you need help? Ask us any question about the U.S. government for free. We'll get you the answer, or we'll tell you where to find it. Call USA.gov Chat with USA.gov E-mail USA.gov What you think matters! Form Approved OMB#3090-0297 Exp. Date 06/30/2016 Share This Page:  How to Change Text Size We've designed USA.gov to let you change its text size through your web browser's settings. Most browsers include functionality to let you increase or decrease the text on a web page. For example, to increase text size: Chrome In the Page menu, select Zoom. Zoom Larger Firefox In the View menu, select Zoom. View Zoom Zoom In Or, Click on the menu icon and select - to make the text size smaller or + to make it larger Internet Explorer In the View menu, select Text Size. View Text Size Largest Or, you can click on the IE settings icon Zoom Select a percentage or click “Zoom in” Windows Shortcut: Alt +X Opera In the View menu, select Zoom. View Zoom % Macintosh Shortcut: Command+ Windows Shortcut: + or 0 Safari In the View menu, select Make Text Bigger. View Make Text Bigger Macintosh Shortcut: Command+ No Web Browser Endorsement We at USA.gov do not endorse specific web browsers and do not recommend one browser over another. While some common browsers are included in this page, mention of a specific browser does not imply endorsement or recommendation. Back to Top Do you need help? Ask us any question about the U.S. government for free. We'll get you the answer, or we'll tell you where to find it. Call USA.gov Chat with USA.gov E-mail USA.gov What you think matters! Form Approved OMB#3090-0297 Exp. Date 06/30/2016 Share This Page:  Website Notices We want you to have an easy time using USA.gov, but some parts of the experience are out of our control. Learn more about it. What's on This Page Disclaimer of Endorsement Will Your Computer or Device Work with USA.gov? Paperwork Reduction Act Statement Disclaimer of Endorsement The information posted on the USA.gov website includes hypertext links, or pointers, to information created and maintained by other public and/or private organizations. USA.gov only provides these links and pointers for your information and convenience. When you select a link to an outside website, you are leaving the USA.gov site and are subject to the privacy and security policies of the owners/sponsors of the outside website. The General Services Administration (GSA) and USA.gov do not control or guarantee the accuracy, relevance, timeliness, or completeness of information contained on a linked website. GSA and USA.gov do not endorse the organizations sponsoring linked websites and we do not endorse the views they express or the products/services they offer. GSA and USA.gov cannot authorize the use of copyrighted materials contained in linked websites. Users must request such authorization from the sponsor of the linked website. GSA and USA.gov are not responsible for transmissions users receive from linked websites. GSA and USA.gov do not guarantee that outside websites comply with Section 508 (accessibility requirements) of the Rehabilitation Act. GSA and USA.gov are not affiliated with the usa.com website. Back to Top Will Your Computer or Device Work with USA.gov? USA.gov is dedicated to providing a quality service for our visitors. We support the operating systems and tools used by the majority of visitors to our site, and we've tested USA.gov on the latest versions of the most popular mobile devices and web browsers. For our mobile visitors, we support browsers on Android and iOS. If you have any problems using our website, please; e-mail us ;and let us know what type of device you're using, the operating system, your web browser's version number, the URL (web page address) of the page you were viewing, and details about the problem you experienced. We'll use this information to try to fix the problem. To upgrade your web browser to the latest version, please visit one of the sites below and download the appropriate software for your hardware platform: Apple Safari Google Chrome Mozilla Firefox Microsoft Internet Explorer Back to Top Paperwork Reduction Act Statement The feedback surveys on USA.gov (information collections) meets the requirements of 44 U.S.C. § 3507, as amended by section 2 of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995. You do not need to answer these questions unless we display a valid Office of Management and Budget (OMB) control number. The OMB control number for our collections is 3090-0297.;We estimate that it will take 3 minutes to read the instructions, gather the facts, and answer the questions. Send only comments relating to our time estimate, including suggestions for reducing this burden, or any other aspects of this collection of information to: General Services Administration, Regulatory Secretariat Division (MVCB), ATTN: Ms. Flowers/IC 3090-0297, 1800 F Street, NW, Washington, DC 20405. Back to Top Do you need help? Ask us any question about the U.S. government for free. We'll get you the answer, or we'll tell you where to find it. Call USA.gov Chat with USA.gov E-mail USA.gov What you think matters! Form Approved OMB#3090-0297 Exp. Date 06/30/2016 Share This Page:  Looking for a New Job Find out how to look for work in the private sector and federal government. Find a Federal Government Job Learn how to find a job with the federal government. Find a Job Learn more about how to get a job.  About the Website USA.gov Mission We create and organize timely, needed government information and services and make them accessible to the public anytime, anywhere, via their channel of choice. History Many people and organizations have had a hand in creating our comprehensive, award-winning portal to government. USA.gov is an interagency product administered by USAGov (formerly the Federal Citizen Information Center), a division of the U.S. General Services Administration's Office of Citizen Services and Innovative Technologies . It got its start when Internet entrepreneur Eric Brewer, whose early research was funded by the Department of Defense, offered to donate a powerful search engine to government. That gift helped accelerate the government's earlier work to create a government-wide portal. In June 2000, President Clinton announced the gift from the Federal Search Foundation, a nonprofit organization established by Brewer, and instructed that an official U.S. web portal be launched within 90 days. USA.gov went online on September 22, 2000 under the name FirstGov.gov. The GSA and 22 federal agencies funded the initiative in 2001 and 2002. USA.gov was legislatively mandated through Section 204 of the E-Government Act of 2002 . Since 2002, USA.gov has received an annual appropriation from the U.S. Congress. In January 2007, FirstGov.gov officially changed its name to USA.gov. Back to Top Do you need help? Ask us any question about the U.S. government for free. We'll get you the answer, or we'll tell you where to find it. Call USA.gov Chat with USA.gov E-mail USA.gov What you think matters! Form Approved OMB#3090-0297 Exp. Date 06/30/2016 Share This Page:  Green Cards and Permanent Residence in the U.S. How to Become a U.S. Citizen How to Enter the United States Immigration Documents Renounce or Lose Your U.S. Citizenship How to Enter the United States Learn about common procedures for entering the United States. What's on This Page Apply For a Visa Procedures for Entering the United States Refugees and Asylum Apply For a Visa The Department of State issues visas in two broad classes to foreign nationals traveling to the United States: Immigrant Visas - Apply for an immigrant visa if you want to live and work in the U.S. You must apply for an immigrant visa in person at a U.S. Embassy or Consulate ;;in limited cases, you can apply for an immigrant visa online . Nonimmigrant Visas - Apply for a nonimmigrant visa if you want to visit the U.S. temporarily. You can apply in person at a U.S. Embassy or Consulate , or apply for a nonimmigrant visa online , and schedule an interview at the embassy or consulate. Nonimmigrant Visa Waiver - If you are an international traveler seeking to visit the U.S. under the VISA Waiver Program (VWP) , you must submit an application through Electronic System for Travel Authorization (ESTA) . You may need a transit visa if you are traveling through the U.S. to another country. Once you have entered the U.S., you do not need a visa for travel within the United States and its territories. However, you may need a visa to visit the following Freely Associated States: Federated States of Micronesia Republic of the Marshall Islands Republic of Palau When you go to the embassy or consulate, bring all the required documents and fees , including any applicable reciprocal issuance fees . Back to Top Procedures for Entering the United States When you arrive in the United States, you must show valid travel documents as part of the entry procedure . The document(s) required depend on the country you are arriving from and your citizenship or status. Arrival from Canada, Mexico, and Bermuda The Western Hemisphere Travel Initiative ;covers travel by land, sea or air from Canada,;Mexico, and;Bermuda: American citizens entering the U.S. must show a valid passport , U.S. passport card , Trusted Traveler Program card ;(NEXUS, SENTRI, Global Entry or FAST), or an enhanced driver’s license . If you have any questions, contact your carrier to find out if they require a specific document. Permanent residents and foreign nationals living in the U.S. need their passport, and they may need to show, if applicable, their U.S. visa and/or; alternate or additional travel documents ; you must apply for these before you start your trip. Arrival from Other Countries All travelers entering the United States from all other countries need a passport upon arrival (regardless of their country of citizenship). Permanent residents and foreign nationals may also need a U.S. visa ; you must apply for a visa before you start your trip. Learn more about bringing food, pets and medication to the U.S.; Entry Denials Customs and Border Protection (CBP) officers conduct arrival inspections using the same criteria for all foreign nationals visiting the U.S. They have sole discretion concerning your admission to the United States, even if all your travel documents, including your visa, are in order. Note: While there are no rules prohibiting pregnant visitors from entering the United States, doing so to give birth is not one of them. A CBP officer will consider your pregnancy when deciding on your admission. For more information, contact Customs and Border Protection : In the United States: Call 1-877-CBP-5511 (1-877-227-5511); TTY callers dial 1-866-880-6582 Outside the United States: Call 1-202-325-8000 Back to Top Refugees and Asylum Refugees Refugees are people who fled their homes for a variety of reasons, including persecution (or the fear of persecution) and war, to find protection elsewhere. If you believe you need protection as a refugee, contact the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) , or another international nonprofit volunteer agency. If these organizations are unavailable to you, contact the nearest U.S. Embassy or Consulate . The refugees' entry process into the U.S. involves many government agencies as part of the; U.S. Refugee Admissions Program , which explains the resettlement and; a refugee's arrival . Asylum Asylum is a form of protection available to refugees. You must meet certain conditions to request asylum in the United States . After getting asylum in the U.S., you: Get permission to bring your spouse and children to the U.S. Become a permanent resident . Back to Top Do you need help? Ask us any question about the U.S. government for free. We'll get you the answer, or we'll tell you where to find it. Call USA.gov Chat with USA.gov E-mail USA.gov What you think matters! Form Approved OMB#3090-0297 Exp. Date 06/30/2016 Share This Page:  State, Local, and Tribal Governments U.S. Senate The U.S. Senate and the U.S. House of Representatives make up the two chambers of Congress. The Senate has 100 members, 2 from each state, who are elected to serve for a term of 6 years. Agency Details Website: U.S. Senate Senate Leadership Senate Committees Officers and Staff of the Senate Contact: Contact the U.S. Senate Local Offices: Capitol Visitor Center Main Address: United States Senate Washington , DC 20510 Phone Number: 1-202-224-3121 TTY: 1-202-225-1904 Government branch: Legislative Back to Top What you think matters! Form Approved OMB#3090-0297 Exp. Date 06/30/2016 Share This Page:  Contact Government by Topic State, Local, and Tribal Governments Branches of Government Learn more about the executive, legislative, and judicial branches of the U.S. government. What's on This Page 3 Branches of the U.S. Government How the U.S. Government Is Organized 3 Branches of the U.S. Government 3 branches of the U.S. Government infographic. Back to Top How the U.S. Government Is Organized The; Constitution of the United States ;divides the federal government into three branches to ensure a central government in which no individual or group gains too much control: Legislative – Makes laws (Congress) Executive – Carries out laws (President, Vice President, Cabinet) Judicial – Evaluates laws (Supreme Court and Other Courts) Each branch of government can change acts of the other branches as follows: The president can veto laws passed by Congress. Congress confirms or rejects the president's appointments and can remove the president from office in exceptional circumstances. The justices of the Supreme Court, who can overturn unconstitutional laws, are appointed by the president and confirmed by the Senate. The U.S. federal government seeks to act in the best interests of its citizens through this system of checks and balances. Legislative Branch The;legislative branch;enacts legislation, confirms or rejects presidential appointments, and has the authority to declare war. This branch includes Congress (the Senate and House of Representatives) and several agencies that provide support services to Congress. American citizens have the right to vote for senators and representatives through free, confidential ballots. Senate ;- There are two elected senators per state, totaling 100 senators. A senate term is six years and there's no limit to the number of terms an individual can serve. House of Representatives; - There are 435 elected representatives, which are divided among the 50 states in proportion to their total population. There are additional non-voting delegates who represent the District of Columbia and the territories. A representative serves a two-year term, and there's no limit to the number of terms an individual can serve. Executive Branch The; executive branch ;carries out and enforces laws. It includes the president, vice president, the Cabinet, executive departments, independent agencies, and other boards, commissions, and committees. American citizens have the right to vote for the president and vice president through free, confidential ballots. Key roles of the executive branch include: President ;- The president leads the country. He/she is the head of state, leader of the federal government, and commander-in-chief of the United States Armed Forces. The president serves a four-year term and can be elected no more than two times. Vice President ;- The vice president supports the president. If the president is unable to serve, the vice president becomes president. He/she can serve an unlimited number of four-year terms. The Cabinet ;- Cabinet members serve as advisors to the president. They include the vice president and the heads of; executive departments . Cabinet members are nominated by the president and must be approved by the Senate (with at least 51 votes). Judicial Branch The; judicial branch ;interprets the meaning of laws, applies laws to individual cases, and decides if laws violate the Constitution. The judicial branch is comprised of the Supreme Court and other federal courts. Supreme Court ;- The Supreme Court is the highest court in the United States. The justices of the Supreme Court are nominated by the president and must be approved by the Senate (with at least 51 votes). Congress decides the number of justices. Currently, there are nine. There is no fixed term for justices. They serve until their death, retirement, or removal in exceptional circumstances. Other Federal Courts ;- The Constitution grants Congress the authority to establish other federal courts. Back to Top Do you need help? Ask us any question about the U.S. government for free. We'll get you the answer, or we'll tell you where to find it. Call USA.gov Chat with USA.gov E-mail USA.gov What you think matters! Form Approved OMB#3090-0297 Exp. Date 06/30/2016 Share This Page:  Privacy, Security, and Accessibility Policies USA.gov doesn't collect personal information when you visit our web site unless you choose to provide that information. What's on This Page Information Collected and Stored Automatically Site Security Use of Persistent Cookies Accessibility Policy External Links If You Send Us Personal Information Information Collected and Stored Automatically When you visit USA.gov, we may store some or all of the following: the Internet protocol address from which you access USA.gov, date and time, the name of the web site from which you linked to USA.gov, the name of the file or words you searched, items clicked on a page, and the browser and operating system used. This information is used to measure the number of visitors to the various sections of our site and identify system performance or problem areas. We also use this information to help us develop the site, analyze patterns of usage, and to make the site more useful. This information is not used for associating search terms or patterns of site navigation with individual users. USA.gov may anonymize and provide this information to third party entities for the purposes of research analysis. We do not share or sell visitor data for the purposes of advertising, marketing, or any other commercial purpose. Back to Top Site Security For site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all users, this government computer system employs commercial software programs to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage. Except for authorized law enforcement investigations, no other attempts are made to identify individual users or their usage habits. Raw data logs are used for no other purposes and are scheduled for regular destruction in accordance with National Archives and Records Administration guidelines. Unauthorized attempts to upload information or change information on this service are strictly prohibited and may be punishable under the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986 and the National Information Infrastructure Protection Act. Back to Top Use of Persistent Cookies Like many websites, USA.gov uses "persistent cookie" technology. A persistent cookie is a small text file that this website places on your web browser so that it can gather anonymous summary demographic information, and remember your browser when it is used to visit our site again later—kind of like cookie crumbs! (Hence the name.) These cookies uniquely identify a browser on a computer, but never a person. ;In other words, if the same person uses Chrome and Internet Explorer, two unique browser cookies will be assigned, one for each browser, so that person will be counted as two different visitors because visits are based on browsers, not computers or persons. We use persistent cookies in two ways, both of which enhance your experience on USA.gov while also protecting your privacy: To remember you when your browser comes back to the site, so we don't invite you to take our customer satisfaction survey every time you visit. Our customer satisfaction survey uses a persistent cookie to ensure we won’t invite you to take a customer satisfaction survey within 90 days of completing a survey on USA.gov. To get aggregate metrics on site usage to understand how people are using the site and how we can make it better. We use web metrics services to track activity on USA.gov. Government agencies only ever receive traffic statistics anonymously and in the aggregate. To gather anonymous summary demographic information about our visitors such as gender, age range, and areas of interest for adults over the age of 18. We do this by using Google Demographic and Interests reports. When you visit a website that has partnered with the Google Display Network, Google stores a number in your browser using a persistent cookie to remember your visits. This number uniquely identifies a web browser, not a specific person. Browsers may be associated with a demographic category, such as gender or age range, based on the sites that were visited. This demographic information is used to help us better understand our visitors' interests and needs to more effectively develop content to serve you. Most Internet browsers automatically accept persistent cookies. Although using persistent cookies creates a much better experience for you, this site will also work without them. If you don't want to accept cookies, you can edit your browser's options to stop accepting persistent cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit. Here's how you can disable cookies and/or Google Demographic and Interests reports . Back to Top Accessibility Policy USA.gov is committed to providing access to all individuals—with or without disabilities—seeking information on USA.gov. To provide this information, we've built USA.gov to conform to; Section 508 of the Rehabilitation Act ;(as amended). Section 508 requires that all individuals with disabilities (whether federal employees or members of the general public) have access to, and use of, information and data comparable to that provided to individuals without disabilities, unless an undue burden would be imposed on us. If you use assistive technology (such as a screen reader, eye tracking device, voice recognition software, etc.) and have difficulty accessing information on USA.gov, please; e-mail us and provide the URL (web address) of the material you tried to access, the problem you experienced, and your contact information. We'll contact you and attempt to provide the information you're seeking. Back to Top External Links USA.gov links to many websites created and maintained by other public and/or private organizations as outlined in our Linking Policy . If you click a link to an outside website, you will leave the USA.gov site and are subject to the privacy and security policies of the owners/sponsors of the outside website. Social Media Sites USA.gov manages a presence on social media sites such as; Facebook ,; Twitter ,; YouTube ;and others;to share government information, and engage with the public. We do not collect any personally identifiable information through those sites, and we do not use personal information made available by the third-party sites. Back to Top If You Send Us Personal Information We do not collect personal information for any purpose other than to respond to your request. The only personal information that we collect is what you decide to give us by ordering publications , sending us an e-mail , or subscribing to our e-mail subscription services . If you choose to provide us with personal information — like filling out a Contact Us form , with an e-mail address and ZIP code, and submitting it to us through the website — we use that information to respond to your message, and to help get you the information you requested. Similarly, if you order a publication from us, we will collect your name, and mailing address to fulfill your order. We only share the information you give us with another government agency if your question relates to that agency, or as otherwise required by law. USA.gov never collects information or creates individual profiles for commercial marketing. Back to Top Do you need help? Ask us any question about the U.S. government for free. We'll get you the answer, or we'll tell you where to find it. Call USA.gov Chat with USA.gov E-mail USA.gov What you think matters! Form Approved OMB#3090-0297 Exp. Date 06/30/2016 Share This Page:  E-Mail USA.gov to Find Government Information and Services E-mail us your questions about the U.S. government or your comments about our website, USA.gov. We will respond to your questions in English or Spanish. Do you want to send a message to an elected official, such as the President? We can't forward e-mails to elected officials, so please contact them directly: President of the United States Members of the U.S. Congress and more If we can't answer your question directly, our response will: Refer you to the government agency that can help. Help you locate the information you need. Additional research on your part may be required to get your exact answer. If your question is very complex or specific, we may be able to provide you with more personalized service if you call us at 1-844-USA-GOV1 (1-844-872-4681). We're available Monday to Friday 8 AM to 8 PM Eastern Time. To help us serve you better, please include: Any resources you have already tried. The program or agency you are asking about, if you know. For your protection, do not include personal information like telephone or Social Security numbers. A field with an asterisk (*) before it is a required field. * First Name: * E-mail Address: ZIP Code: * Enter Question Here: Please limit your question to 1000 characters. Please ignore this box. Back to Top Do you need help? Ask us any question about the U.S. government for free. We'll get you the answer, or we'll tell you where to find it. Call USA.gov Chat with USA.gov E-mail USA.gov What you think matters! Form Approved OMB#3090-0297 Exp. Date 06/30/2016 Share This Page:  USA.gov is the U.S. government's official web portal.  Donating to Charity Credit Reports and Scores Find out how to get your credit report, make corrections, and more. What's on This Page Credit Reports Credit Reporting Agencies Errors on Your Credit Report Negative Information in a Credit Report Credit Reports Credit reports contain information about your bill payment history, loans, current debt, and other financial information. They show where you work and live and whether you've been sued, arrested, or filed for bankruptcy.; Credit reports help lenders decide whether or not to extend you credit or approve a loan, and determine what interest rate they will charge you. Prospective employers, insurers, and rental property owners may also look at your credit report. It's important to check your credit report regularly to ensure that your personal information and financial accounts are being accurately reported and that no fraudulent accounts have been opened in your name. If you find errors on your credit report , take steps to have them corrected. Free Credit Reports You are entitled to a free credit report from each of the three credit reporting agencies (Equifax, Experian, and TransUnion) once every 12 months. You can request all three reports at once, or space them out throughout the year. Learn about other situations in which you can request a free credit report .; Request your free credit report:; Online: Visit AnnualCreditReport.com By Phone: Call 1-877-322-8228. Deaf and hard of hearing consumers can access the TTY service by calling 711 and referring the Relay Operator to 1-800-821-7232. By Mail: Complete the Annual Credit Report Request Form and mail it to: Annual Credit Report Request Service PO Box 105281 Atlanta, GA 30348-5281 If your request for a free credit report is denied:; Contact the credit reporting agency (CRA) directly to try and resolve the issue. The CRA should inform you of the reason they denied your request and explain what to do next. Often, you will only need to provide information that was missing or incorrect on your application for a free credit report. If you are unable to resolve your dispute with the CRA, contact the; Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) . Credit Score A credit score is a number that rates your credit risk, at one point in time. It can help creditors determine whether to give you credit, decide the terms you are offered, or the rate you will pay for the loan. Having a high score can benefit you in many ways, including making it easier for you to obtain a loan, rent an apartment, and lower your insurance rate. The information in your credit report is used to calculate your credit score. That's why it's important to make sure your credit report is accurate. You can have multiple credit scores, created by different companies or lenders that use their own credit scoring system.;; Your;free annual credit report does not include your credit score, but it's available for a fee. When you buy your score, you often get information on how you can improve it. Back to Top Credit Reporting Agencies A credit reporting agency (CRA) is a company that collects information about where you live and work, how you pay your bills, whether or not you have been sued, arrested, or filed for bankruptcy. All of this information is combined together in a credit report.;A CRA will then;sell your credit report to creditors, employers, insurers, and others. These companies will use these reports to make decisions about;extending credit, jobs, and insurance policies to you. You are entitled to;order (every 12 months) a free copy of your credit report from each of the major credit reporting agencies;(Equifax, Experian, and TransUnion);through AnnualCreditReport.com . This website is the only one that is government authorized to provide you with free copies of your credit report. You can also contact the credit agencies directly if you need to dispute information in your report, place a fraud alert or security freeze on your credit file, or have other questions. Equifax ;or by phone at;1-866-349-5191 Experian ;or by phone at 1-888-397-3742 TransUnion ;or by phone at 1-800-916-8800 File a Complaint Credit reporting agencies are not operated by the government. However, if you need to file a complaint about a CRA you can report it to the federal government's; Consumer Financial Protection Bureau . Back to Top Errors on Your Credit Report If you find errors on your credit report, write a letter disputing the errors and send it (along with supporting documentation) to the following: Credit reporting agency ( Equifax , Experian , or TransUnion ) Information provider (bank, credit card company, or other organization that provided the credit reporting agency with inaccurate information) Find a; sample dispute letter ;and get; detailed instructions on how to report errors .; Under the Fair Credit Reporting Act , both the credit reporting agency (CRA) and the information provider are responsible for correcting inaccurate or incomplete information in your credit report. If the errors have not been corrected after you've disputed them in writing, you can file a complaint with the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB ). Back to Top Negative Information in a Credit Report Negative information in a credit report can include public records--tax liens, judgments, bankruptcies--that provide insight into your financial status and obligations. A credit reporting company generally can report most negative information for seven years. Information about a lawsuit or a judgment against you can be reported for seven years or until the statute of limitations runs out, whichever is longer. Bankruptcies can be kept on your report for up to 10 years, and unpaid tax liens for 15 years. Fixing Errors in a Credit Report Anyone who denies you credit, housing, insurance, or a job because of a credit report must give you the name, address, and telephone number of the credit reporting agency (CRA) that provided the report. Under the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA) , you have the right to request a free report within 60 days if a company denies you credit based on the report. You can get your credit report fixed if it contains inaccurate or incomplete information: Contact both the credit reporting agency and the company that provided the information to the CRA. Tell the CRA, in writing, what information you believe is inaccurate. Keep a copy of all correspondence. Some companies may promise to repair or fix your credit for an upfront fee--but there is no way to remove negative information in your credit report if it is accurate. File a Complaint If you have a problem with credit reporting, you can file a complaint with the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) .; Back to Top Do you need help? Ask us any question about the U.S. government for free. We'll get you the answer, or we'll tell you where to find it. Call USA.gov Chat with USA.gov E-mail USA.gov What you think matters! Form Approved OMB#3090-0297 Exp. Date 06/30/2016 Share This Page:  USAGov Bilingual Style Guide: Table of Contents Find out how we use best practices from our bilingual Style Guide to create digital content for USAGov. 1. Writing for the Web Guidance for writing for the web and the USAgov platform. 2. Writing Principles Find spelling and punctuation rules, naming conventions, and other traits that characterize the USAGov writing style. 3. Accessibility Our principle is to write clearly and in plain language to make content accessible to people with disabilities, low-language proficiency and non-native English speakers. 4. Search Engine Optimization (SEO) Good SEO practices help digital content perform well with different search engines. 5. Creating an Asset When we create USAGov content, we keep in mind all the different channels it can serve. To do that, we draft succinct pieces of information known as assets. 6. Writing for Marketing Things to keep in mind when creating content for social media and marketing emails.  Federally Recognized Indian Tribes and Resources for Native Americans Find information about and resources for Native Americans. What's on This Page Federally Recognized Indian Tribes Cultural Resources for Native Americans Housing Help: Resources for Native Americans Legal Resources for Native Americans Federally Recognized Indian Tribes The U.S. government officially recognizes more than 500;Indian tribes in the contiguous 48 states and Alaska. These federally recognized tribes are eligible for funding and services from the Bureau of Indian Affairs, either;directly or through contracts, grants, or compacts. The Bureau of Indian Affairs lists the federally recognized tribes and contact information for each tribe's Tribal Leader . Back to Top Cultural Resources for Native Americans Historic Preservation The National Tribal Preservation Program is designed to help Indian tribes preserve and protect resources and traditions important to them. The program funds Tribal Heritage grants for federally recognized Indian tribes, to help them with cultural and historic preservation projects. The program also funds Tribal Historic Preservation Officers , who: Inventory tribal historic properties Prepare and carry out a tribal-wide historic preservation plan Assist federal agencies with reviewing undertakings on tribal lands​ When a federal agency reviews a project on tribal land, it must consult the Tribal Historic Preservation Officer (for federally recognized tribes )—or a designated representative (for non-federally recognized tribes). Federal agencies also must consult with Indian tribes that attach religious and cultural significance to historic properties, regardless of their location. Archeology The Native American Graves Protection and Repatriation Act : Requires federal agencies and museums to inventory and identify Native American human remains and cultural items in their collections Requires federal agencies and museums to consult with federally recognized Indian tribes on the return of those objects to descendants, tribes, or organizations Authorizes grants to assist Indian tribes, Alaska native villages, and museums to document and return human remains and cultural objects to their native people As part of its archeology program, the National Park Service collaborates with tribes, interprets the past to visitors, and protects archeological sites. The federal Advisory Council on Historic Preservation assists tribes with critical historic preservation issues, as does the nonprofit National Association of Tribal Historic Preservation Officers . Other Cultural Resources Learn how to trace Indian ancestry . Find specific counts, estimates, and statistics related to American Indian and Alaska Native populations, as well as data for American Indian and Alaska Native populations . Explore the diversity of the Native people of the Americas at the National Museum of the American Indian . See a list of important Native American places . Read federal news related to Native American land issues . Find out how members of Native American tribes can legally get eagle feathers and parts for ceremonies. Explore American history relating to Native Americans . Learn about World War II Navajo Code Talkers . Review a list of more than 30; federal services and programs for Native Americans . Learn about tribal economic development, education, health, and other issues . Back to Top Housing Help: Resources for Native Americans If you are looking for housing help, contact the following offices for assistance: To live on public lands, contact the Office of Public and Indian Housing (PIH) . To live on a reservation, contact a local Tribally Designated Housing Entity (TDHE) . You may also locate your; state housing counseling agency ;or call 1-800-569-4287 to locate the agency nearest you. Native American Housing Programs Indian Housing's Office of Native American Programs (ONAP) ;- administers housing and community development programs to ensure that safe, decent, and affordable housing is;available to Native American families. Indian Housing Grant Programs ;-;provide financial assistance;for Indian tribes;to develop affordable housing and to;provide housing activities on a reservation or Indian area. Guidebooks available. Housing Improvement Program (HIP) ;-;provides;home repair, renovation, replacement, and new housing grants. Back to Top Legal Resources for Native Americans Laws Law Library of Congress —Lists laws related to Indians of North America. U.S. Department of the Interior Native American Resources —Compiles Native American-related legal information on tribal governments, federal agencies and records, and other legal sources. Senate Committee on Indian Affairs —Handles legislation about American Indians, Native Hawaiians, or Alaska Natives proposed by U.S. Senators. Tribal Constitutions and Codes —Lists tribal laws, to assist federally recognized tribes in governing themselves. Early Treaties —Includes treaties between the United States government and American Indian tribes from 1770 to 1883. Cultural and Historic Preservation —Discusses some of the laws that federal agencies must follow with Indian cultural and historic preservation. Office of Tribal Justice —Fields tribal concerns with the U.S. Department of Justice. Policy on Indian Sovereignty and Government-to-Government Relations with Indian Tribes —Recognizes the sovereign status of federally recognized Indian tribes as domestic dependent nations, among other directives. Indian Health Service Employment —The Indian Health Service must provide absolute preference in employment to American Indians and Alaska Natives who are enrolled in a federally recognized tribe. Crime Prevention Tribal and Alaskan Native Training —U.S. Department of Justice program that partners with Native American tribes and law enforcement to reduce crime on tribal lands. Crime Prevention , U.S. Department of Justice—Tribal Justice and Safety initiative to support public safety, victim services, and crime prevention in American Indian and Alaska Native communities. Crime Prevention , Bureau of Indian Affairs—Office of Justice Services law enforcement programs in Indian communities and on reservations. Money and Laws Indian Trust Program —Consists of 55 million surface acres and 57 million acres of subsurface minerals estates held in trust by the United States for individual American Indians, Indian tribes, and Alaska Natives. If you have questions about Indian trust funds or assets, contact your local Fiduciary Trust Officer , or call the Trust Beneficiary Call Center at 1-888-678-6836 (toll free). Tax Information for Indian Tribal Governments —Reviews tax issues for Native Americans, such as the;Tribal General Welfare Exclusion Act of 2014, trust funds, and income tax for Indian fishing rights. Social Security —Provides information about Social Security Administration programs for American Indians and Alaska Natives. Back to Top Do you need help? Ask us any question about the U.S. government for free. We'll get you the answer, or we'll tell you where to find it. Call USA.gov Chat with USA.gov E-mail USA.gov What you think matters! Form Approved OMB#3090-0297 Exp. Date 06/30/2016 Share This Page:  Back to Top State, County, and Municipal Courts There are many different types of courts at the state, county, and municipal levels. These can include small claims courts, traffic courts, juvenile courts, and family courts. Please use the links below to find out what’s available in your area. State Courts View a list of state court websites . State court websites generally offer court contact information and often include directions on how to find specific case status information. If you are unable to locate the proper state court information, you may also want to search a state government website. County Courts You may be able to access county courthouse information through a; county government website . You may also find contact information for a county court in your local telephone book. Municipal Courts You may be able to find a municipal court through your; state court website or a; county government website .;You may also find contact information for a municipal court in your local telephone book. Back to Top Do you need help? Ask us any question about the U.S. government for free. We'll get you the answer, or we'll tell you where to find it. Call USA.gov Chat with USA.gov E-mail USA.gov What you think matters! Form Approved OMB#3090-0297 Exp. Date 06/30/2016 Share This Page:  State, Local, and Tribal Governments Find contact information for state, local, and tribal governments. Contact Elected Officials Find contact information for federal, state, and local government officials. Governors Contact your state's governor or the mayor of the District of Columbia. Indian Tribes and Resources for Native Americans Find information about and resources for Native Americans. Local Governments Get contact information for U.S. cities and other local governments. State Consumer Protection Offices Find your state's consumer protection office. State Governments Find contact information for each state or territory.  Site Index This is an alphabetical list of all the pages on USA.gov that are not listings in our agency directories.  Administration for Children and Families (ACF) Administration for Community Living Administration for Native Americans Administration on Aging (AoA) Administration on Developmental Disabilities Administrative Conference of the United States Administrative Office of the U.S. Courts Advisory Council on Historic Preservation African Development Foundation Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality (AHRQ) Agency for International Development (USAID) Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry  Green Cards and Permanent Residence in the U.S. How to Become a U.S. Citizen How to Enter the United States Immigration Documents Renounce or Lose Your U.S. Citizenship Green Cards and Permanent Residence in the U.S. Learn how to get a green card, become a permanent resident, and other residency issues. What's on This Page Apply for, Renew, or Replace a Green Card Authenticate Documents Diversity Immigrant Visa Lottery Program Sponsor a Foreign Spouse, Future Spouse, or Relative Travel Documents for Foreign Residents Returning to the U.S. Apply for, Renew, or Replace a Green Card A Green Card (Permanent Resident Card) : Gives you official immigration status in the United States Entitles you to certain rights and responsibilities Is required if you wish to naturalize as a U.S. Citizen If you have questions about applying for, renewing, or replacing a Green Card, contact; U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) . Apply for a Green Card Find out if you're eligible . If you are eligible, file Form I-485 - Application to Register Permanent Residence or Adjust Status with USCIS, including all supporting documents and fees. USCIS will review your application and schedule an interview with you. Once issued, your green card will be valid for 10 years. Renew or Replace a Green Card Learn how to;renew or replace your Green Card: Renew your Green Card if your current card expired or will expire in the next six months. Replace your Green Card for a number of reasons, including loss or theft. Beware of Scams If you are not familiar with the immigration, visa or green card process,;scammers will try to take advantage of you by getting your personal information or your money. Learn about common immigration scams ;and identity fraud . Back to Top Authenticate Documents You can present a legal document issued in the United States for use in another country. These documents can include court orders, contracts, vital records, and educational diplomas. The process to get a document authenticated depends on the specific document, the state in which it was issued, and other factors. Check with your state’s Document Authentication Agency (DAA) and the Authentications and Apostilles page from the Department of State (DOS). For more information, details on a procedure, or status, call the DOS Office of Authentications at 1-202-485-8000, 9:00 AM - 12:00 PM and 1:00 PM - 3:00 PM ET, Monday through Friday. Back to Top Diversity Immigrant Visa Lottery Program The Diversity Immigrant Visa (DV) Program , also known as the Green Card Lottery, makes a limited number of immigrant visas available every year to people meeting certain eligibility requirements. To participate in the lottery: Complete the electronic entry form at no charge only during each year's registration period from the U.S. Department of State.; Keep your confirmation number in a safe place; you will need that number to check the status of your entry online. If you lose it, you can recover your confirmation number . Call the Kentucky Consular Center at 1-606-526-7500 for help or review the DV Lottery Instructions . Registration Periods and DV Lottery Results Results for the 2016 lottery are now available for you to; check your status . Make sure you have your confirmation number to check your application status. Results for the 2017 lottery will be available starting at noon, May 3, 2016. Fraud Warning The;Department of State is aware of an increase in fraudulent e-mails and letters sent to DV program applicants . The U.S. government is the exclusive operator of the DV Program . You may receive an e-mail reminding you to check the status of your entry, but the;Department of State does not contact successful applicants by e-mail . Back to Top Sponsor a Foreign Spouse, Future Spouse, or Relative Your status determines who you can bring (sponsor) to live and work in the United States. If you are a U.S. citizen, you can sponsor: Your foreign spouse or fiancé(e) Your foreign children Certain immediate relatives, such as parents or siblings If you are a permanent resident, you can sponsor: Your foreign spouse Your unmarried children (regardless of age) If you are a refugee or asylee within the past two years, you can petition for certain family members to;obtain refugee or asylee status . If you or a member of your family is in the U.S. military, you may petition for citizenship for family members . Back to Top Travel Documents for Foreign Residents Returning to the U.S. If you have a;Permanent Resident Card (Green Card), or are a foreign citizen living in the U.S., you may need; additional documents ;to return to the U.S. after traveling abroad. Obtain these necessary documents from United States Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS); before your trip: Permanent and Conditional Residents Absent for one year or longer: Apply for a re-entry permit using; Form I-131 - Application for Travel Document . The permit is valid for two years from the date of issue for Permanent Residents; up to two years for Conditional Residents . Absent for less than one year: No additional document is required. Show your Green Card upon your return. All Other Foreign Citizens Living in the U.S. Contact USCIS and; your country's embassy or consulate ;for all document requirements. Note:;If you need a travel document, but left the United States without obtaining one, contact U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) for assistance: United States:;Call 1-800-375-5283; for TTY dial 1-800-767-1833 Abroad:;Contact the nearest; USCIS international office , or a; U.S. Embassy or Consulate . Back to Top Do you need help? Ask us any question about the U.S. government for free. We'll get you the answer, or we'll tell you where to find it. Call USA.gov Chat with USA.gov E-mail USA.gov What you think matters! Form Approved OMB#3090-0297 Exp. Date 06/30/2016 Share This Page:  Jobs and Unemployment Find out how and where to look for a new job or career, get help if you are unemployed, and more. Businesses and Nonprofits Find help with starting and growing a business or nonprofit. Labor Laws and Issues Learn about the employment laws and issues that people ask USA.gov and 1-844-USA-GOV1 about the most. Looking for a New Job Find out how to look for work in the private sector and federal government. Public Service and Volunteer Opportunities Find volunteer opportunities from federal organizations in your community. Retirement Learn some of the basics about retirement and pension benefits. U.S. Government Employees Learn where to get the answers to some of the questions asked most often by federal workers. Unemployment Benefits and Other Help for the Unemployed Discover some of the programs and resources that can help if you lose your job.  State, Local, and Tribal Governments U.S. House of Representatives The U.S. House of Representatives and the U.S. Senate make up the two chambers of Congress. The House has 435 members, the number representing each state is determined by population. Agency Details Website: U.S. House of Representatives House Committees House Leadership Officers and Organizations of the House Contact: Contact the U.S. House of Representatives Contact Your Representative Local Offices: Capitol Visitor Center Main Address: U.S. House of Representatives Washington , DC 20515 Phone Number: 1-202-224-3121 TTY: 1-202-225-1904 Government branch: Legislative Back to Top Related Agency Architect of the Capitol Congressional Budget Office Government Accountability Office Government Publishing Office House Office of Inspector General House Office of the Clerk Office of Compliance Open World Leadership Center Stennis Center for Public Service Library of Congress U.S. Capitol Police What you think matters! Form Approved OMB#3090-0297 Exp. Date 06/30/2016 Share This Page:  U.S. Government Services and Information Find government information and services by topic. About the U.S. Learn where to find answers to the most requested facts about the United States of America. Benefits, Grants, and Loans Learn about government programs that provide financial help for individuals and organizations. Disasters and Emergencies Learn how to prepare for and recover from disasters and emergencies. Earth and the Environment Find government information on energy, green technology, pollution, wildlife, and more. Education Find government information on education including primary, secondary, and higher education. Government Agencies and Elected Officials Find contact information for federal, state, and local government agencies and elected officials. Health Find health resources from the government. Housing and Community Get information and services to help with finding and keeping a home. Jobs and Unemployment Find out how and where to look for a new job or career, get help if you are unemployed, and more. Laws and Legal Issues Find out how to report a crime and other legal resources. Military and Veterans Learn more about help for veterans and service members, joining the military, and more. Money and Shopping Learn about consumer issues, taxes, unclaimed money, buying from the government, and more. Travel and Immigration Learn about visiting, traveling within, and moving to the United States. Voting and Elections Find answers to common questions about voting in the United States.  Indian Tribes and Resources for Native Americans Local Governments State Consumer Protection Offices State Governments Contact Your State Governor Contact your state's governor or the mayor of the District of Columbia.  Housing and Community Get information and services to help with finding and keeping a home. Affordable Housing Find help with buying or renting an affordable place to live. Foreclosure Learn some of the basics about avoiding and handling foreclosures. Housing Help Find housing resources targeted to certain audience groups. Housing Scams Beware of these frauds and scams when buying or foreclosing on a home. Housing-Related Complaints Find out what to do if you have one of these complaints when buying or renting a home. Keeping Your Home Safe Find our most frequently requested information about safety in the home. Libraries and Archives Find public, state, and federal libraries. Mortgages Learn some of the basics about mortgages. Moving Find resources to help you when you're moving. Repairing and Improving a Home Look for help with repairing or making improvements to your home. U.S. Postal Service Issues Find answers to the most popular Post Office questions.  State Government Find contact information for each state or territory.  For Developers Software developers and researchers can use these APIs and data feeds to help people find useful government information. What's on This Page Questions and Feedback APIs and Data Feeds from USA.gov Other Developer Resources Questions and Feedback USA.gov uses GitHub ;repositories;to maintain;the;documentation for;most of our APIs and data feeds. ;Using GitHub, you can easily provide feedback to us and ask questions using each repository's issue tracker. ;You can also e-mail us any questions you might have regarding our APIs. Back to Top APIs and Data Feeds from USA.gov USA.gov offers a variety of APIs and data feeds to help developers access and expose quality government information and services from their own websites and applications. ;Currently, these APIs include: 1.USA.gov Data 1.USA.gov URLs are created whenever anyone shortens a .gov or .mil URL using bitly.com. Style: ;Raw pub/sub feed Return Format:; JSON Corporate Consumer Contact API This API returns a manually curated list of contact information for consumer-related corporations. Style:; RESTful API Return Format: ;JSON, JSONP, XML DigitalGov Search API (formerly USASearch) Provides DigitalGov Search customers with results. This API is only available for use on official government websites. Sign in is required. ;Once you login, you can find the API documentation under the "activate" menu. Style:; RESTful;API;(requires DigitalGov Search account) Return Format:; JSON,;JSONP, XML Federal Agency Directory API This API contains directory information about federal agencies, such as contact methods, in English and Spanish. Style: ;RESTful;API Return Format: ;JSON,;JSONP, XML Federal Mobile Product API This API contains native and hybrid apps, responsive sites, and mobile websites from across the government, in English and Spanish. Style: ;RESTful;API Return Format: ;JSON,;JSONP Go.USA.gov API Go.USA.gov is a URL shortener for government employees. The API can shorten, preview, and show clicks on short URLs. Style:; RESTful;API Return Format:; JSON, JSONP, XML, plain text Government Jobs API This API returns job openings across the federal government, and includes all current openings posted on USAJobs.gov that are open to the public and located in the United States. It also includes some state and local government jobs. Style: ;RESTful API Return Format:; JSON ​ List of Non-.gov URLs in Our Search We search across all federal, state, local, tribal, and territorial government websites. Most government websites end in .gov or .mil, but many do not. This is a list of all government URLs that do not end in .gov or .mil. Style:; JSON, TXT file Social Media Registry API The Social Media Registry is an official source of information about federal government social media accounts. Style: ;RESTful;API Return Format: ;HTML5, JSON, XML Back to Top Other Developer Resources Here are some resources for developing with government-provided information and services: List of developer hubs across government ;from 18F. Data.gov ;provides;data, tools, and resources to conduct research, develop web and mobile applications, design data visualizations, and more. Back to Top Do you need help? Ask us any question about the U.S. government for free. We'll get you the answer, or we'll tell you where to find it. Call USA.gov Chat with USA.gov E-mail USA.gov What you think matters! Form Approved OMB#3090-0297 Exp. Date 06/30/2016 Share This Page:  State, Local, and Tribal Governments Contact Government by Topic Find contact information for government programs, listed by topic. What's on This Page Benefits Children and Education Consumer Products and Safety Fraud, Law Enforcement, and Crime Government Officials Government Social Media and Mobile Apps Health Home, Community, and Work Military and Veterans Money and Business Travel and Transportation Benefits Federal Employee Retirement Benefits ;- Find contact information for the Retirement Services office at the Office of Personnel Management (OPM).; Food Stamps (Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program);;–;Call to learn more about eligibility requirements and the nutritional benefits of the program. Head Start Program Locator ;;–;Find information to enroll your child in a Head Start pre-school in your area. Health Insurance for Children ;;–;Call the program office in your state to see if your children are eligible for free or low-cost health insurance. Heating and Cooling Assistance for Your Home ;;–;Call the Low Income Home Energy Assistance Program Office that serves your state or tribe. Legal Assistance ;;–;Find legal assistance in your area. Medicare ;;–;Sign up or change your Medicare plan or learn more about Medicare. Medicare and Medicaid ;;–;Search the database for Medicare and Medicaid contacts. Medicare Fraud ;;–;Report Medicare fraud and abuse. Renter's Assistance ;;–;Contact your local Housing Authority to see if you qualify. School Lunch and Breakfast ;;–;Contact your state agency to participate in school nutrition programs. Social Security ;;–;E-mail questions using an online form. Student Loans ;;–;Call for help with student loans. Temporary Assistance for Needy Families (Welfare);;–;Call your state's administrator for program information. Back to Top Children and Education Child Abuse and Neglect ;;–;Call state officials to report abuse or neglect. Child Support ;;–;State and Tribal child support agency contacts Education and Children ;;–;E-mail your question to the Department of Education. Head Start Program Locator ;;–;Find information to enroll your child in a Head Start pre-school in your area. Health Insurance for Children ;;–;Call the program office in your state to see if your children are eligible for free or low-cost health insurance. National Runaway Safeline to Call for Help ;;–;Call 1-800-RUNAWAY if you are a teenager thinking of running from home, if you have a friend who has run and is looking for help, or if you are a runaway ready to go home. School Lunch and Breakfast ;;–;Contact your state agency to participate in school nutrition programs. Student Financial Aid ;;–;Call or send mail for help resolving financial aid problems. Back to Top Consumer Products and Safety Cable TV Complaints ;;–;Learn how to file a complaint from the Federal Communications Commission. Consumer Complaints ;;–;Learn where to report your consumer complaint and find contact information to file. Consumer Complaints – File International Complaints ;;–;File an official report online to complain about an international e-commerce transaction. Cosmetics ;;–;Call or write to report adverse reactions to the Food and Drug Administration. Foodborne Illness and Food Product Complaints; ;–;Call to file a complaint. Mail ;;–;E-mail your questions about the U.S. mail or other postal services to the U.S. Postal Service. Meat and Poultry Hotline ;;–;Call to talk to the food safety education staff (available in English and Spanish). Report Animal Drug Reactions or Animal Feed/Pet Food Complaints ;;–;FDA encourages veterinarians and animal owners to report adverse drug reactions and medical product failures. Telephone Service Complaints ;;–;File a complaint with the FCC about your telephone service if you have concerns about inaccurate billing, false advertisement, scams, or other issues. Unsafe Products ;;–;E-mail a report of an injury, or file a complaint about a product to the Consumer Product Safety Commission. Unsafe Vehicle ;;–;E-mail or call to report an unsafe vehicle. Back to Top Fraud, Law Enforcement, and Crime Antitrust Violations ;;–;E-mail, call, or mail a report of a possible antitrust violation or potential anti-competitive activity, whether civil or criminal, to the Department of Justice. Arson, Bombs, Firearms, Tobacco, or Other Related Criminal Activities ;;–;Call to report arson, bomb, firearms, or tobacco related criminal activity. Asset Forfeiture ;;–;E-mail a question or comment about asset forfeiture and auctions. Community Oriented Policing ;;–;E-mail or call for information on grants and training programs. Consumer Fraud ;;–;E-mail your complaints to the Federal Trade Commission. Crime Victims ;;–;E-mail or call for crime victims' support and assistance. Domestic Violence Hotline ;;–;E-mail or call for crisis intervention, information about domestic violence and referrals to local service providers to victims of domestic violence and those calling on their behalf. Services are available in English and Spanish. Fraud and Waste in Government ;;–;E-mail, call, fax, or mail reports of government fraud and waste to the Federal Inspectors General. Homeland Security Department ;;–;Look-up e-mails and telephone numbers, mailing addresses, help desk support for web applications, instructions on how to report incidents and more. Identity Theft ;;–; E-mail your complaint. Immigration and Naturalization ;;–;Call for information about immigration and naturalization assistance (provided in English and Spanish). Immigration and Naturalization Local Offices ;;–;Call, write, or visit a local office to find the status of your case. Internet Fraud (Civil or Criminal) ;;–;E-mail reports of suspected fraud to the FBI's Internet Fraud Complaint Center. Medicare Fraud; ;–;Report Medicare fraud and abuse. Nuclear Facilities ;;–; E-mail or call to report any safety or security concern involving a nuclear reactor, nuclear fuel facility or radioactive materials. Religious Discrimination ;;–;File a complaint if you've experienced religious discrimination or violation of religious liberty rights. Terrorist Activity ;;–;E-mail leads to the FBI online, or call your local FBI Field Office. Victim's Rights, Services, and Criminal and Juvenile Justice ;;–;Call for information and referrals. Violence Against Women and Family Violence ;;–; E-mail your questions about laws, regulations, grants, and other resources. Back to Top Government Officials Contact Your U.S. Representative ;;–;Use this directory to find your representative's contact information and House committee assignments. Contact Your U.S. Senator ;;–;Find your senator's contact and biographical information, and view a Senate organizational chart. Federal Advisory Committees ;;–;Access the database that federal agencies use to manage an average of 1,000 government-wide advisory committees. Federal Courts - Learn about the work of the federal courts in assigning jury duty, ruling on important cases, and overseeing naturalization ceremonies. Federal Government ;;–;Browse phone and e-mail directories for federal agencies and officials. Foreign Policy Comments ;;–;E-mail your comments on U.S. foreign policy to the U.S. Department of State. Governor ;;–;Find e-mail, telephone, and postal contact information by clicking on your state governor's website. House Committee Offices ;;–;Learn about the bills, agencies, programs, and issues that House committees are reviewing. Inspector General; ;– Each federal agency has an inspector general. Get in touch to report federal government waste and fraud. President Barack Obama and Vice President Joe Biden ;;–;Send questions, comments, concerns, or well-wishes to the president or his staff. Rulemaking ;;–;Participate in the federal rulemaking process by commenting on proposed rules. Secretary of State and U.S. Department of State ;;–;E-mail, write, or call with your question for the Department of State or comment on U.S. foreign policy. Senate Committee Offices ;- Contact one of the;20 committees, 68 subcommittees, and four joint committees. Supreme Court ;;–;Call or write the Supreme Court, and call for visitor information. Back to Top Government Social Media and Mobile Apps Federal Mobile Apps Directory - Find native apps, hybrid apps, responsive websites, and mobile websites from across the government. U.S. Digital Registry ;-;The U.S. Digital Registry serves as the authoritative resource for agencies, citizens, and developers to confirm the official status of social media and public-facing collaboration accounts, mobile apps, and mobile websites. Back to Top Health Blood Transfusion/Donation Fatalities ;–;E-mail, call, fax or mail notification of blood transfusion-related or blood donation death. Children's Health Insurance ;;–;Find state e-mail, phone, and mail contacts to receive information on health programs in your state. Genomics ;;–;E-mail your comments and questions to the Office of Public Health Genomics. Health Information ;;–;The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) offers a wide variety of disease prevention and health promotion telephone hotlines in English and in Spanish. Health Information Toll-Free Hotlines ;;–;Call for information about health topics, from asthma to weight control. Infectious Diseases ;;–;E-mail comments and questions to the National Center for Infectious Diseases. Medicare and Medicaid ;;–;Search the database for Medicare and Medicaid contacts. Report Animal Drug Reactions or Animal Feed/Pet Food Complaints ;;– The Food and Drug Adminstration (FDA) encourages veterinarians and animal owners to report adverse drug reactions and medical product failures. Report a Public Health Emergency ;;–;Contact the CDC about a public health emergency, and find answers to common questions. Tuberculosis ;;– Get information and answers from the CDC about tuberculosis.; Unlawful Sales of Medical Products on the Internet; ;–;Call or e-mail the FDA about illegal sales of animal or human medications, medical devices, and more. Vaccine Reactions ;;– Get in touch with the FDA about adverse reactions to vaccines. Viral Hepatitis ;;–;Contact the CDC to get information about viral hepatitis. Back to Top Home, Community, and Work Accessibility ;;–;File a complaint about accessibility barriers at a building or facility. Affordable Housing ;;–;E-mail a question to Ginnie Mae about affordable housing. Census ;;–;E-mail the Census Bureau questions and comments about the Census. Discriminatory Mortgage Lending ;;–;File an official complaint, if you feel that you have been discriminated against based on your race, color, national origin, religion, sex, family status, or disability. Employment and Training ;;–;Find state contacts for unemployment, welfare-to-work, adult and Native American training programs, and more. Employment Discrimination ;;–;File an employment discrimination complaint with the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission. Environmental Programs ;;–;E-mail a question or comment to the Environmental Protection Agency. Environmental Violations – Report Online;;–;E-mail a report of possible environmental violation to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency. Health Benefits ;;–;Employee Benefits Security Administration regional offices will inform you of your rights and help you claim your benefits. Housing Counselors ;;–;Talk to a federally-approved housing counselor about buying a home, renting, default, avoiding foreclosure, credit issues, or reverse mortgages. Housing Discrimination Complaint s;;–;E-mail, call or mail complaints about housing discrimination when renting or buying a home. Land Sale Complaints ;;–;If you believe you have been a victim of fraud and abuse when buying or leasing land from developers, you can file a complaint. Librarians ;;–;Chat with or e-mail a government librarian Mine Emergency Numbers ;- Notify;Mine Safety and Health Administration (MSHA) of a mine accident or emergency, report hazardous conditions and get general contact information.; Mine Safety ;- E-mail your questions regarding regulations, inspections, data, policy, and other topics to Mine Safety and Health Administration (MSHA).; National Runaway Safeline to Call for Help ;;–;Call 1-800-RUNAWAY if you are a teenager thinking of running from home, if you have a friend who has run and is looking for help, or if you are a runaway ready to go home. Pension Benefits ;;–;Employee Benefits Security Administration regional offices will inform you of your rights and help you claim your benefits. Radon ;;–;Call the hotline to learn about radon and indoor air quality in your home. Veterans Employment and Training ;;–; Key contacts for grants and employment and training assistance for veterans. Worker Issues ;;–;E-mail or mail the Department of Labor. Workplace Safety ;;–;E-mail a complaint to the Occupational Health and Safety Administration (OSHA). ; Back to Top Military and Veterans Air Force Contacts ;–;Check the Air Force's frequently asked questions , or e-mail your question or comment to the U.S. Air Force.; Army Contacts ;–;E-mail your question or comment to the U.S. Army. Coast Guard Contacts ;– View the U.S. Coast Guard's frequently asked questions , or send an e-mail to the Coast Guard. Department of Defense ;;–;Browse the DoD's;frequently asked questions or call the DoD Public Affairs Office for information. Department of Veterans Affairs ;;–;E-mail, call, fax or mail questions, comments or complaints. Locate Service Members ;–;Locate a current;member of the U.S. Armed Forces. Marines Contacts ;;–;E-mail your question to the U.S. Marine Corps. Military Health System ;– E-mail your question concerning;Military Medical Facilities and TRICARE Management. Navy Contacts –;Key contacts and E-mail form for the U.S. Navy. Recruiting ;– Find web sites and phone numbers for recruiters for each branch of service. TRICARE ;- Key contacts and E-mail form for TRICARE, the Military's Health Care Insurance and Benefits program. Troops ;;– Find a list of organizations to help you send letters and messages to troops.; Veterans Employment and Training ;;–; Key contacts for grants and employment and training assistance for veterans. Back to Top Money and Business Antitrust and Competition ;;–;E-mail the Federal Trade Commission with a question or comment on an antitrust matter. Antitrust Violations ;;–;E-mail, call, or mail a report of a possible antitrust violation or potential anti-competitive activity, whether civil or criminal, to the Department of Justice. Bank Complaints ;;–;File a complaint about a bank or other financial institution with the Federal Reserve. Bankruptcy Fraud; ;–;Report suspected bankruptcy fraud to the U.S. Trustee Program of the Department of Justice. Business and Electronic Commerce Practices ;;–;E-mail complaints (stores, finance companies, auto dealers, mortgage companies, credit bureaus, spam e-mail, etc.) to the Federal Trade Commission. Charities ;;–;E-mail complaints to the Federal Trade Commission. Credit Union –;E-mail or call with questions or comments, or report fraud to the National Credit Union Administration. Deposit Insurance ;;–;E-mail for assistance from the Federal Deposit Insurance Commission. Economic and Humanitarian Assistance Activities Overseas ;;–;E-mail, call or write comments or questions to the U.S. Agency for International Development. File Paper Tax Return ;- Find out where to file your paper tax return - with or without a payment - with the IRS.; Investors ;;–;E-mail, fax or mail concerns and problems of individual investors to the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). IRS (Internal Revenue Service) Reform ;;–;E-mail an idea, issue or suggestion to the Taxpayer Advocacy Panel. IRS Taxpayer Advocate Service ;;–;The Taxpayer Advocate Service helps individuals and small businesses resolve problems with the IRS. Patents and Trademarks ;;–; E-mail, call or mail questions about patents and trademarks. Securities and Exchange Commission ;;–;Contact the SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy for individual assistance at;help@sec.gov. Statistics ;;–;Contacts to assist with locating and using Bureau of Labor Statistics data, publications and services. Tax Help ;;–;E-mail or call with comments and feedback. Taxpayer Advocacy Panel Application ;;–;Volunteer for this unique opportunity to influence how the IRS delivers services to the public by becoming a member of the Taxpayer Advocacy Panel (TAP). Tax Refund Status ;;–; Check your federal tax refund status online. Trade Barriers ;;–;Call to receive assistance in resolving problems. Workplace Safety ;;–;E-mail a complaint to the Occupational Health and Safety Administration (OSHA). Back to Top Travel and Transportation Air Travel Accessibility or Discrimination ;;–;Mail forms to report complaints. Airline Safety and Security - E-mail or call about complaints.; Airline Service ;;–;E-mail or mail letters about problems. Americans Abroad – Assistance During a Crisis ;;–;The Department of State and U.S. embassies and consulates help U.S. citizens overseas during emergencies. Amtrak Train Service ;;–;E-mail or call to comment. Automobiles, Trucks or Motorcycles ;;–;Call or mail to report safety-related defects. Aviation Safety ;;–;Call to report a possible violation to the Federal Aviation Administration. Consumer Complaints Concerning a Vehicle ;–;Learn where to report your consumer complaint and find contact information to file. File a Claim for Baggage Damaged by Airline Security Screeners International Travel Safety ;;–;E-mail your questions to the Department of State. National Forests ;;–;Contact the national headquarters office by comment form, email, phone, or by postal mail Passports for U.S. Citizens ;;–;E-mail or call the Department of State's National Passport Information Center to learn about how to obtain, replace or change a passport. Transportation Research ;;–;E-mail a librarian about specific transportation questions. Transportation Safety and Security ;;–;The TSA contact center can help you prepare for an upcoming flight, file a complaint, and more. Vehicle Safety ;;–;Report an unsafe vehicle. Visas for Non-U.S. Citizens ;;–;E-mail or call the Department of State's Visa Services' Public Inquiries Branch with questions about U.S. visas. Back to Top Do you need help? Ask us any question about the U.S. government for free. We'll get you the answer, or we'll tell you where to find it. Call USA.gov Chat with USA.gov E-mail USA.gov What you think matters! Form Approved OMB#3090-0297 Exp. Date 06/30/2016 Share This Page:  Federal Election Laws, Results, and Voting History Find My State's Election Office Website Presidential Election Process Register to Vote Voter Registration Age Requirements Voter Registration Deadlines Voting Common Questions Presidential Election Process Learn about the Presidential election process, including the electoral college, caucuses and primaries, and the national conventions. What's on This Page Overview of the Presidential Election Process U.S. Constitutional Requirements for Presidential Candidates Presidential Primaries and Caucuses National Conventions General Election Campaigning Electoral College Get the Free Kids.gov Poster That Shows the Steps to Become President Overview of the Presidential Election Process An election for President of the United States occurs every four years on Election Day, held the first Tuesday after the first Monday in November. The 2016 Presidential election will be held on November 8, 2016. The election process begins with the primary elections and caucuses and moves to nominating conventions , during which political parties each select a nominee to unite behind. The nominee also announces a Vice Presidential running mate at this time. The candidates then campaign across the country to explain their views and plans to voters and participate in debates with candidates from other parties. During the general election, Americans head to the polls to cast their vote for President. But the tally of those votes—the popular vote—does not determine the winner. Instead, Presidential elections use the Electoral College . To win the election, a candidate must receive a majority of electoral votes. In the event no candidate receives the majority, the House of Representatives chooses the President and the Senate chooses the Vice President. The Presidential election process follows a typical cycle: Spring of the year before an election –;Candidates announce their intentions to run. Summer of the year before an election through spring of the election year –;Primary and caucus debates take place. January to June of election year – States and parties hold primaries and caucuses. July to early September – Parties hold nominating conventions to choose their candidates. September and October – Candidates participate in;Presidential debates. Early November – Election Day December –;Electors cast their votes in the Electoral College. Early January of the next calendar year – Congress counts the electoral votes. January 20 – Inauguration Day Back to Top U.S. Constitutional Requirements for Presidential Candidates The President must: Be a natural-born citizen of the United States Be at least 35 years old Have been a resident of the United States for 14 years Any person who meets these requirements can declare his or her candidacy for President at any time. Candidates must; register with the Federal Election Commission ;(FEC) once they receive contributions or make expenditures in excess of $5,000. Within 15 days of reaching that $5,000 threshold, candidates must file a Statement of Candidacy with the FEC;authorizing a principal campaign committee to raise and spend funds on their behalf. Back to Top Presidential Primaries and Caucuses Before the general;election, most candidates for President go through a series of state primaries and caucuses . Though primaries and caucuses are run differently, they both serve the same purpose—to allow the states to help choose the political parties’ nominees for the general election. State primaries are run by state and local governments. Voting occurs through secret ballot. Caucuses are private meetings run by political parties. In most, participants divide themselves into groups according to the candidate they support, with undecided voters forming into a group of their own. Each group then gives speeches supporting its candidate and tries to persuade others to join its group. At the end of the caucus, party organizers count the voters in each candidate's group and calculate how many delegates each candidate has won. Both primaries and caucuses can be conducted as “open,” “closed,” or some hybrid of the two. During an open primary or caucus, people can vote for a candidate of any political party. During a closed primary or caucus, participants must be registered with a political party to vote for one of its candidates. “Semi-open” and “semi-closed” primaries and caucuses are variations of the two main types. Awarding Delegates At stake in each primary or caucus is a certain number of delegates , or individuals who represent their states at national party conventions. The candidate who receives a majority of his or her party’s delegates wins the nomination. The parties have different numbers of total delegates due to the complex rules involved in awarding them . The requirements combine national and state political party rules and practices with aspects of federal and state election laws. In 2016, a Democratic candidate must receive 2,383 of the estimated 4,765;delegates to become the party’s nominee. Democratic candidates must win at least 15 percent of the votes earned in a primary or caucus to receive any “pledged” delegates . Candidates generally receive pledged delegates on a proportional basis. The 2016 Republican candidate must receive 1,237 of the estimated 2,472 delegates to win the party’s nomination. Depending on the state, delegates may be awarded proportionally, on a winner-take-all basis, or using a hybrid system. The percentage of primary or caucus votes a candidate must win to receive delegates varies from state to state. Each party also has some unpledged delegates, or superdelegates . These delegates are not bound to a specific candidate heading into the national convention. When the primaries and caucuses are over, most political parties hold a national convention during which the winning candidate receives a nomination. For information about your state's Presidential primary or caucuses, contact your state election office or the political party of your choice. Back to Top National Conventions After the primaries and caucuses, most political parties hold national conventions to finalize their choice for their Presidential and Vice Presidential nominees.; 2016 National Convention Dates and Locations The Constitution Party Convention will be held in Salt Lake City, Utah, beginning April 13. The Libertarian National Convention will be held in Orlando, Florida, beginning May 26. The;Republican National Convention;will be held in Cleveland starting on July 18. The Democratic National Convention will be held in Philadelphia beginning July 25. The Green Party Convention will be held in Houston, Texas beginning August 6. The national conventions typically confirm the candidate who has already won the required number of delegates through the primaries and caucuses. However, if no candidate has received the majority of a party’s delegates, the convention becomes the stage for choosing that party’s Presidential nominee. Delegates: Types and Numbers Required Some parties require a specific number of delegates a candidate needs to win his or her party’s nomination in 2016. These include: 2,383 of 4,765 delegates for the Democratic party 1,237 of 2,472 delegates for the Republican party There are two main types of delegates: Pledged, or bound, delegates , who are required to support the candidate to whom they were awarded through the primary or caucus process Unpledged, or unbound delegates , or superdelegates, who are free to support any Presidential candidate of their choosing Brokered and Contested Conventions If no nominee has a party’s majority of delegates going into its convention, then the delegates pick their Presidential candidate in a brokered or contested convention . Pledged delegates usually have to vote for the candidate they were awarded to in the first round of voting, while unpledged delegates don't. Pledged delegates may be allowed to choose any candidate in subsequent rounds of voting. Balloting continues until one nominee receives the required majority to win. Back to Top General Election Campaigning General election campaigning begins after a single nominee is chosen from each political party, via primaries, caucuses, and national conventions. These candidates travel the country, explaining their views and plans to the general population and trying to win the support of potential voters. Rallies, debates, and advertising are a big part of general election campaigning. Back to Top Electoral College When you cast your vote for President, you are actually voting for a group of people known as electors. They are part of the; Electoral College , the process used to elect the U.S. President and Vice President. The Electoral College serves as a;compromise between election of the President by a vote in Congress and election of the President by a popular vote of qualified citizens. The process begins when political parties select the people who will serve as;electors , The electors meet to vote for President and Vice President, and then Congress counts the electoral votes. ; ; ; ; ; ; ; Number of Electors There are a total of 538 electors. A candidate needs the vote of more than half (270) to win the Presidential election. Each state’s number of electors is equal to the number of its U.S. Senators plus the number of its U.S. Representatives. Washington D.C. is given a number of electors equal to the number held by the smallest state.; View the division of electors on a map of the U.S. In 48 states, when a candidate receives the majority of votes, he or she receives all of the state’s electoral votes. Maine and Nebraska are the only two states that use the congressional district method. For example: Nebraska has five electoral votes (one for each of the three congressional districts plus two for the state’s senate seats). The winner of each district is awarded one electoral vote, and the winner of the statewide vote is then awarded the state’s remaining two electoral votes. U.S. territories are not represented in the Electoral College. It is possible for a candidate to receive the majority of the popular vote, but not of the electoral vote, and lose the Presidential election. For example: If the United States had only three states each with a population of 100, each state would have three electoral votes (2 Senators plus one House of Representatives member) so a candidate would need 5 electoral votes to win the election. Candidate 1 wins the first two states by receiving 51 votes per state and loses the third state by receiving just one vote. This gives them a total of 103 popular votes from all three states (51 + 51 + 1). And this translates into a total of six electoral votes--three each from the states the candidate won and none from the state the candidate lost. Candidate 2 loses the first two states by receiving 49 votes per state and wins the third state by receiving 99 votes. This gives them a total of 197 popular votes from all three states (49 + 49 + 99). And this translates into a total of three electoral votes--none from the two states the candidate lost and three from the state the candidate won. Because electoral votes are what count in the end, even though Candidate 2 won the popular vote, they lost the electoral vote and therefore lose the election. How to Change the Electoral College Because the Electoral College process is part of the U.S. Constitution , it would be necessary to pass a Constitutional amendment to change this system. For more information, contact your U.S. Senator or your U.S. Representative . Back to Top Get the Free Kids.gov Poster That Shows the Steps to Become President This colorful poster helps kids understand the Presidential election process. Download or order a free copy. View a larger version of the infographic. Show Description of Infographic How to Become President of the United States The U.S. Constitution's Requirements for a Presidential Candidate: At least 35 years old A natural born citizen of the United States A resident of the United States for 14 years Step 1: Primaries and Caucuses There are many people who want to be president. Each of these people have their own ideas about how our government should work.; People with similar ideas belong to the same political party. This is where primaries and caucuses come in. Candidates from each political party campaign throughout the country to win the favor of their party members. Caucus: In a caucus, party members select the best candidate through a series of discussions and votes. Primary: In a primary, party members vote for the best candidate that will represent them in the general election. Step 2: National Conventions Each party holds a national convention to finalize the selection of one presidential nominee. At each convention, the presidential candidate chooses a running-mate (vice presidential candidate). Step 3: General Election The presidential candidates campaign throughout the country in an attempt to win the support of the general population. People in every state across the country vote for one president and one vice president. When people cast their vote, they are actually voting for a group of people known as electors. Step 4: Electoral College In the Electoral College system, each state gets a certain number of electors based on its total number of representatives in Congress. Each elector casts one electoral vote following the general election; there are a total of 538 electoral votes. The candidate that gets more than half (270) wins the election. The president-elect and vice president-elect take the oath of office and are inaugurated in January. Definitions: Caucus: A meeting of the local members of a political party to select delegates to the national party convention. A caucus is a substitute for a primary election. Delegate: A person authorized to represent others as an elected representative to a political party conference. Elector: A member of the electoral college. Electoral College: The voters of each state, and the District of Columbia, vote for electors to be the authorized constitutional members in a presidential election. Natural Born Citizen: Someone born with U.S. citizenship includes any child born "in" the United States, the children of United States citizens born abroad, and those born abroad of one citizen parent. Primary: An election where voters select candidates for an upcoming general election. Winning candidates will have delegates sent to the national party convention as their party’s U.S. presidential nominee. Back to Top Do you need help? Ask us any question about the U.S. government for free. We'll get you the answer, or we'll tell you where to find it. Call USA.gov Chat with USA.gov E-mail USA.gov What you think matters! Form Approved OMB#3090-0297 Exp. Date 06/30/2016 Share This Page:  Contact Government by Topic State, Local, and Tribal Governments How to Contact Your Elected Officials Learn how to get in touch with your federal, state, and local elected leaders. Contact Federal Elected Officials President Barack Obama, Vice President Joe Biden and the White House ;-;Contact the White House by submitting your comments or questions online or by phone or fax. Members of the U.S. Congress U.S. Senators ;- Get contact information for your senators in the U.S. Senate. U.S. Representatives ;- ;Find the website and contact information for your representative in the U.S. House of Representatives. Contact State Elected Officials State Governors ;- Learn how to get in touch with your state governor. State Legislators ;-;Find the names and current activities of your state legislators. Contact Local Elected Officials U.S. Mayors -;Locate mayors by name, city, or population size. County Executives -;A county executive is the head of the executive branch of government in a county. The county executive may be an elected or an appointed position. Other Local Government Officials -;This directory can help you find contact information for your city, county, and town officials in your state.; Back to Top Do you need help? Ask us any question about the U.S. government for free. We'll get you the answer, or we'll tell you where to find it. Call USA.gov Chat with USA.gov E-mail USA.gov What you think matters! Form Approved OMB#3090-0297 Exp. Date 06/30/2016 Share This Page:  Find Government Information or Services by Phone USA.gov’s information specialists can help you locate information on federal agencies, programs, benefits, services, and more. Call us toll-free at;1-844-USA-GOV1 (1-844-872-4681) . The USA.gov telephone line is available between 8:00 AM and 8:00 PM Eastern Time, Monday through Friday, except federal holidays. If we can't answer your question directly, our information specialists will direct you to the government agency that can. You can also contact us through e-mail or chat . Back to Top Do you need help? Ask us any question about the U.S. government for free. We'll get you the answer, or we'll tell you where to find it. Call USA.gov Chat with USA.gov E-mail USA.gov What you think matters! Form Approved OMB#3090-0297 Exp. Date 06/30/2016 Share This Page:  Find a Federal Government Job Find a Job Find a Federal Government Job Learn how to find a job with the federal government. What's on This Page Federal Government Employment Apprenticeships Civil Service Exam Government Internships Security Clearance Federal Government Employment Finding and Applying for Federal Jobs Get information on federal jobs from; USAJOBS.gov : Search for jobs Learn how to apply for jobs Find jobs located outside the U.S. Learn about federal employment for non-U.S. citizens New USAJOBS.gov Website Updates USAJOBS.gov is getting easier to use. An update released in February 2016 includes a five-step tracker to guide job-seekers through the application process. The upgrade is the first in a series of website improvements planned for roll-out over the year. Note:;Most federal jobs are listed on USAJOBS. However, some agencies post jobs independently on their own websites or elsewhere. View the A-Z Index of Government Agencies ;to locate the agency you are interested in. If you need help or more information, visit; USAJOBS Support . There is never an application fee to apply for a government or U.S. Postal Service job. Find information about; government job scams ;and how to avoid them. Former Federal Employees If you are a former federal employee, you may be eligible for reinstatement , which allows you to apply for federal jobs without competing with the public.; Students and Recent Graduates Find student job opportunities ;to work for the government through internships and entry level positions. Veterans If you've served in the military and want to find a federal government job,; FedsHireVets.gov ;provides information on veterans' preference, special hiring authorities,;and other tips for vets and transitioning;service members seeking federal civilian jobs. People with Disabilities People with disabilities can be appointed to federal jobs non-competitively through a special hiring authority called Schedule A . Back to Top Apprenticeships Apprenticeships combine on-the-job training and related instruction in which you can learn skills needed to advance in your chosen field. Apprentice programs vary in length from one to six years. During that time, apprentices work and learn as employees. When you complete a registered program, you will receive a nationally recognized certificate from the Department of Labor (DOL) as proof of your qualifications. For more information: Visit;the DOL's website on; Registered Apprenticeships . To locate an apprenticeship program near you, visit the state apprenticeship web page . Back to Top Civil Service Exam There is no longer a single civil service exam to cover all government jobs.;Many jobs with the federal government no longer require written tests, but any testing depends on the individual agency and position. If you are applying for a specific job, the vacancy announcement on USAJOBS.gov ;will indicate if a specific written test is necessary and whom you may contact for more information. To locate contact information for the personnel department of a federal agency, visit;USA.gov's A-Z index of U.S. government departments and agencies .;You may also try using the government section of your local telephone directory. Back to Top Government Internships Government internships provide students with opportunities to expand their knowledge while gaining hands-on experience. Find internship opportunities and information within the federal government for undergraduate, graduate, and law students: Pathways:;Opportunities for Students and Recent Graduates State-Specific Job Sites Senate Page Program White House Internships Back to Top Security Clearance Whether for a government agency or private organization, a security clearance is a status granted to individuals allowing them access to certain information. Federal Government Not all Federal positions require a security clearance, but they do require the candidate to undergo a suitability adjudication process to determine if the individual is suitable for Federal employment.;; Background investigations are conducted to assess the loyalty, character, trustworthiness, and reliability of the person requiring the clearance.; Job candidates will use the ; Electronic Questionnaires for Investigations Processing (e-QIP) system to electronically enter, update and transmit their personal investigative data over a secure internet connection to a requesting agency. This; reference guide will assist you in the process. Once a security clearance is granted, it allows a person filling a specific position to have access to classified information up to and including the level of clearance that they hold. For more;information about security clearances and background checks for U.S. government employment, please visit the Federal Investigative Services (OPM-FIS) . If you have questions about your specific security clearance, please contact the security officer of the federal agency that requested your evaluation. If you are not sure who to contact at a federal agency, please contact the Office of Personnel Management's (OPM) Systems Access Support Team (SAST) ;at 1-724-794-5612, extension 4600. They can help you find the right contact within a federal agency. Private Companies Sometimes private companies that do business with a local, state, or federal government agency are required to obtain a security clearance using that particular government's security clearance granting system. Some private companies also use security clearances to protect such things as intellectual property rights and financial information. Most of these companies use a;background check, which usually researches work, criminal, and credit history. Back to Top Do you need help? Ask us any question about the U.S. government for free. We'll get you the answer, or we'll tell you where to find it. Call USA.gov Chat with USA.gov E-mail USA.gov What you think matters! Form Approved OMB#3090-0297 Exp. Date 06/30/2016 Share This Page:  RSS Feeds Subscribe to RSS feeds from USA.gov. What's on This Page About RSS USA.gov RSS Feeds About RSS RSS;is an easy way to keep up with news and information that's important to you. By subscribing to an RSS feed, you can have content delivered directly to you without receiving an e-mail. RSS feeds, (which have the extension ".xml", ".rss", ".sfm", ".cfm", ".rdf", ".aspx", or ".php"), require installation and use of RSS aggregator software. An RSS aggregator allows you to subscribe to an RSS feed. There are;many aggregators available; some are free and some are available for sale. RSS feeds are commonly used on weblogs (blogs), news websites, and other places with frequently updated content. An RSS aggregator gathers material from websites that you tell it to scan, and it brings new information from those sites to you. It's a convenient format because it allows you to view all the new content from multiple sources in one location on your desktop. Back to Top USA.gov RSS Feeds USA.gov Updates ;-;Government news and featured content from the U.S. government's official website, USA.gov. Back to Top Do you need help? Ask us any question about the U.S. government for free. We'll get you the answer, or we'll tell you where to find it. Call USA.gov Chat with USA.gov E-mail USA.gov What you think matters! Form Approved OMB#3090-0297 Exp. Date 06/30/2016 Share This Page:  Free Commercial Downloads When you click on a link below, you will leave our site and go to a non-government website. USA.gov does not endorse these sites. We provide the links so you can get the free software needed to view some documents or to access audio and visual files on some websites. Portable Document Format (PDF) Some documents on government websites are in Portable Document Format (PDF). PDFs allow you to view publications in their original format regardless of what type of computer, browser, or operating system you use to access the Internet. In order to view, navigate, and print PDF documents, you'll need the free Acrobat Reader software . Instructions and a troubleshooting guide are available on the Adobe website . If you use a screen reader, you can download Adobe software to make PDF files more accessible . Real Video and Real Audio Files These files, which have the extension (".ram", ".ra", ".rm", ".rmm", ".rp", ".rms", ".rt", ".rmj"), require installation and use of the RealPlayer software. This free software is available from RealNetworks . The Real file format allows you to "stream" audio and video files, which means that you begin hearing and seeing the files without having to wait for the entire file to download. To hear audio on your computer, your system must also have speakers or earphones and a sound card. RSS (Really Simple Syndication) Aggregators RSS feeds, (which have the extension ".xml", ".rss", ".sfm", ".cfm", ".rdf", ".aspx", or ".php"), require installation and use of RSS aggregator software. An RSS aggregator allows you to subscribe to an RSS feed. There are many aggregators available ; some are free and some are available for sale. RSS feeds are commonly used on weblogs (blogs), news websites, and other places with frequently updated content. An RSS aggregator gathers material from websites that you tell it to scan, and it brings new information from those sites to you. It's a convenient format because it allows you to view all the new content from multiple sources in one location on your desktop. Podcasts These files have the extension ".xml" and ".php" and require installation and use of podcatching software (a type of aggregator). This software is available for free from Juice (for PC, Mac, and Linux), iTunes (PC and Mac), and jPodder (PC). There is much more podcatching software available. Podcasting is a method of publishing audio broadcasts via the Internet, allowing users to subscribe to a feed of new audio files, usually MP3s. Listeners may subscribe to feeds using podcatching software, which periodically checks for and downloads new content automatically. Any digital audio player or computer with audio-playing software can play podcasts. Other Audio Files Some audio files on government websites have an ".au" extension. These sound files can be played using a standard sound player bundled with your computer's operating system, for example, Windows Media Player for Windows, SoundMachine for the Macintosh, and XPlayGizmo for Unix. To hear audio on your computer, your system must also have speakers or earphones and a sound card. Back to Top Do you need help? Ask us any question about the U.S. government for free. We'll get you the answer, or we'll tell you where to find it. Call USA.gov Chat with USA.gov E-mail USA.gov What you think matters! Form Approved OMB#3090-0297 Exp. Date 06/30/2016 Share This Page:  After You've Filed Your Federal Taxes Filing Your Federal Taxes Frequently Requested Tax Benefits Get Help with Your Taxes Tax Issues for Businesses After You've Filed Your Federal Taxes Find tax information for after you've filed your federal taxes. What's on This Page Check Your Federal Tax Refund Status Get Copies and Transcripts of Your Tax Returns Pay Federal Taxes and Resolve Tax Disputes Tax Liens Tax Refund Reductions Undelivered and Unclaimed Federal Tax Refund Checks Check Your Federal Tax Refund Status If you have filed your federal income taxes and expect to receive a refund, you may be eager to find out when you will receive it. You can track the status of your refund using the Internal Revenue Service's Where's My Refund tool or the mobile app, IRS2Go . These systems are updated once every 24 hours.;If you prefer, you can call the IRS refund hotline to check on the status of your refund. Refunds are generally issued within 21 days of when you electronically filed your tax return. Back to Top Get Copies and Transcripts of Your Tax Returns Do you need a copy of your prior year tax return ? If you need an exact copy of a previously filed tax return and attachments, you can get;it by mailing the following items: A completed Form 4506 . $50 fee for each tax return requested. The check or money order should be made payable to the United States Treasury. A transcript, which is a computer printout of your return information, may be an acceptable substitute for an exact copy of your tax return. Instead of;paying for a copy of your tax return, you can; request a transcript online to get the information you need quickly. Transcripts are often used to validate income and tax filing status for mortgage applications, student and small business loan applications, and during tax preparation. Contact the IRS to obtain a free transcript . Contact your state's Department of Revenue to find out how to get copies of prior years' state returns. ; Back to Top Pay Federal Taxes and Resolve Tax Disputes There are several ways to pay your federal taxes: direct pay; debit or credit card; electronic federal tax payment system; or check or money order. Find out how to make a tax payment . Payment Options for Back Taxes; With many people facing financial difficulties, the Internal Revenue Service (IRS);provides options to help people who owe back taxes: Call the phone number listed on any letters or documents you receive if you are behind on tax payments and need help. View Alternative Payment Plans and Hardship Information . View information on the Fresh Start Program ;that helps struggling taxpayers pay back taxes and avoid tax liens. Resolve Tax Disputes You can get help resolving your tax disputes with the IRS through several resources: Taxpayer Advocate Service (TAS) - Contact the TAS Intake Line at 1-877-777-4778 (TTY: 1-800-829-4059) or contact a local Taxpayer Advocate . Low Income Taxpayer Clinics (LITCs) ;- Contact a local LITC . Taxpayer Assistance Centers (TACs) - Contact a local TAC . Office of Appeals ;- An independent organization within the IRS that helps taxpayers and the government resolve tax disagreements. ; Contact the IRS For more information, contact the IRS . Back to Top Tax Liens A tax lien is the government's legal claim against your property when you neglect, or fail, to pay a tax debt. As a tax lien can affect you in many ways, it's helpful to know the;steps you can take to find a solution. ; ; How a Tax Lien Affects You Assets; - A lien attaches to all of your assets (property, securities, vehicles) and to future assets acquired during the period of the lien. Credit -; Tax liens can show up on your credit report, making it more difficult for you to get a loan, or buy and sell property.; Business ;- A lien is tied to all business property and to all rights to business property, including accounts receivable. Bankruptcy -; If you file for bankruptcy, your tax debt, lien, and all public documents alerting creditors that the government has a right to your property may continue after the bankruptcy. How to Get Rid of a Tax Lien Paying your tax debt in full is the best way to get rid of a tax lien. The Internal Revenue Service (IRS) will release a federal tax lien within 30 days after you have paid your tax debt. However, there are other options to reduce the impact of a tax lien: Discharge of property -; A "discharge" removes the lien from selected property, but there are several Internal Revenue Code (IRC) conditions. For more information, refer to; Publication 783, Instructions on How to Apply for Certificate of Discharge From Federal Tax Lien . Subordination -; While "subordination" does;not remove the lien, it allows other creditors to move ahead of the IRS, which may make it easier to get a loan or mortgage. To learn more, read; Publication 784, Instructions on How to Apply for a Certificate of Subordination of Federal Tax Lien . Withdrawal -; A "withdrawal" removes the public Notice of Federal Tax Lien and assures that the IRS is not competing with other creditors for your property. But you are still liable for the amount due. For eligibility, refer to Form 12277, Application for the Withdrawal of Filed Form 668(Y), Notice of Federal Tax Lien, Internal Revenue Code Section 6323j . ​ For assistance removing a state tax lien, contact your; state revenue department . To help release a local government tax lien, contact your local government tax entity. ; IRS Resources Centralized Lien Operation To resolve basic and routine lien issues, such as verifying a lien, requesting a lien payoff amount, or releasing a lien, call or write to: Phone: 1-800-913-6050 Internal Revenue Service Lien Processing Unit PO Box 145595 Stop 8420G Cincinnati OH 45250-5595 IRS Video Portal Watch informational videos on various tax lien issues , including lien notice withdrawal, selling or refinancing when there is an IRS lien, and applying to the IRS for a lean discharge or subordination. ; Back to Top Tax Refund Reductions How it Works If you owe money to a federal or state agency (including past-due child support), the federal government may deduct your debts from your federal tax refund. Known as;the; Treasury Offset Program ,;the Bureau of Fiscal Service (BFS) collects such delinquent debts (typically;more than 90 days overdue);on behalf of other federal and state;government agencies. BFS will cross check your name and taxpayer information against its delinquent debtor database. If there is a match, BFS will notify you that it is deducting the amount you owe from the payment you were going to receive. BFS will send the outstanding amount;to the federal or state government agency to which you owed the money. If you owe more;money;than the payment you were going to receive, then BFS will send the entire amount to the other government agency. If;you owe less, BFS will send;the agency the amount you owed, and then send you the remaining balance. For example, if you were going to receive a $1,500 federal tax refund, but you have been delinquent on a student loan and have $1,000 outstanding, BFS will deduct $1,000 from your tax refund and send it to the U.S. Department of Education. It will also send you a notice of its action, along with the remaining $500 that was due to you as a tax refund. The Internal Revenue Service (IRS);provides helpful tips to help you understand tax refund offsets. If you believe that a deduction was made in error, you should contact the agency that said you owed money, not the IRS.;If you have questions about this program, check out the frequently asked questions ;or contact the Bureau;of Fiscal Service . Back to Top Undelivered and Unclaimed Federal Tax Refund Checks Every year, the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) has millions of dollars in tax refunds that go undelivered or unclaimed.; Undelivered Federal Tax Refund Checks Refund checks are mailed to your last known address. If you move without notifying the IRS or the U.S. Postal Service, your refund check may be returned to the IRS. If you were expecting a federal tax refund and did not receive it, check the IRS'; Refund Status . You'll need to enter your Social Security number, filing status, and the exact whole dollar amount of your refund. You may be prompted to change your address online.;You can also call the IRS' Refund Hotline . If you move, submit a Change of Address - Form 8822 to the IRS; you should also submit a Change of Address ;to the U.S. Postal Service. Unclaimed Federal Tax Refunds; If;you are eligible for a federal tax refund and do not file a return, then your refund will go unclaimed. Even if you aren't required to file a return, it might benefit you to file if: Federal taxes were withheld from your pay and/or You qualify for the Earned Income Tax Credit (EITC) If;you didn't file a tax return because your wages were below the filing requirement, you can still file a return within three years of the filing deadline in order to get your refund.; State Refund Checks For information about your state tax refund check, contact your state revenue department . Contact the IRS For more information, contact the Internal Revenue Service . Back to Top Do you need help? Ask us any question about the U.S. government for free. We'll get you the answer, or we'll tell you where to find it. Call USA.gov Chat with USA.gov E-mail USA.gov What you think matters! Form Approved OMB#3090-0297 Exp. Date 06/30/2016 Share This Page:  State, Local, and Tribal Governments White House The White House houses the executive office of the President, and serves as the President's residence. Agency Details Website: White House Contact: Contact the White House Main Address: 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW Washington , DC 20500 Phone Number: 1-202-456-1414 1-202-456-1111 (Comments) TTY: 1-202-456-6213 1-202-456-2121 (Visitor's Office) Government branch: Executive Back to Top Related Agency Department of Veterans Affairs U.S. Department of Agriculture Department of Education Department of Energy U.S. Department of Health and Human Services Department of Homeland Security Department of Housing and Urban Development Department of Labor Department of State Department of the Interior U.S. Department of the Treasury Department of Transportation Council of Economic Advisers Council on Environmental Quality Department of Defense Domestic Policy Council National Economic Council National Security Council Office of Management and Budget Office of National Drug Control Policy Office of Science and Technology Policy U.S. Trade Representative White House Office of Administration U.S. Department of Commerce Department of Justice What you think matters! Form Approved OMB#3090-0297 Exp. Date 06/30/2016 Share This Page:  Administration for Children and Families (ACF) Administration for Community Living Administration for Native Americans Administration on Aging (AoA) Administration on Developmental Disabilities Administrative Conference of the United States Administrative Office of the U.S. Courts Advisory Council on Historic Preservation African Development Foundation Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality (AHRQ) Agency for International Development (USAID) Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry  Linking to USA.gov Feel free to link to pages on USA.gov from your website. Here's how to do it. What's on This Page Link to USA.gov Text to Describe USA.gov Place the Source Graphic into Your Web Page Link to USA.gov USA.gov (www.usa.gov) is the official web portal for the U.S. government. It is a public domain website. You may link to USA.gov at no cost. When you link to USA.gov, please do it in an appropriate context as a service to your customers when they need to find official U.S. government information and services. We encourage you to use our logo, which we've provided below. Placement of the USA.gov logo is to be used only as a marker to the USA.gov home page and not as a form of endorsement or approval from USA.gov, the Office of Citizen Services and Innovative Technologies, the U.S. General Services Administration, or the U.S. government. We also encourage you to link to GobiernoUSA.gov , the official Spanish language web portal of the U.S. government. We offer the GobiernoUSA.gov logo in various sizes and formats. Back to Top Text to Describe USA.gov Short Version: ;USA.gov is the U.S. government's official web portal to all federal, state, and local government web resources and services. Long version: ;USA.gov is the U.S. government's official web portal to all federal, state, and local government web resources and services. As the catalyst for a growing electronic government, USA.gov helps citizens navigate through government red tape. At USA.gov, you can apply for benefits online, contact a government agency, or use the Internet's most comprehensive search of government websites—all from one easy location. Back to Top Place the Source Graphic into Your Web Page Select one of the images below to use on your website and save it to your images directory. Generally, you can save the image by right-clicking on it and selecting your browser's "Save Image As" or "Save Picture As" command. Please copy the graphic to your website and change the IMG SRC address to use it from your web server. In the examples below, the image was saved in the '/images/' directory. If you have any questions about linking to USA.gov, the use of the USA.gov logo, or want more information or promotional materials on USA.gov, please; e-mail us . Back to Top Do you need help? Ask us any question about the U.S. government for free. We'll get you the answer, or we'll tell you where to find it. Call USA.gov Chat with USA.gov E-mail USA.gov What you think matters! Form Approved OMB#3090-0297 Exp. Date 06/30/2016 Share This Page:  Contact USA.gov Contact us about USA.gov or about any government question you have. Call USA.gov Our free phone service can help you find government information and services. Chat with USA.gov Chat with us for live help searching the U.S. government. E-Mail USA.gov E-mail us your questions about the U.S. government or your comments about our website, USA.gov.  Money and Shopping Learn about consumer issues, taxes, unclaimed money, buying from the government, and more. Benefits, Grants, and Loans Learn about government programs that provide financial help for individuals and organizations. Businesses and Nonprofits Find help with starting and growing a business or nonprofit. Buying from the U.S. Government Find out about surplus sales, collectibles, and other items available through purchase or auction. Currency Learn about American money. Shopping and Consumer Issues Learn how to be a safe consumer, what to do when a purchase or service goes wrong, and more. State Lottery Results Choose your state for the latest winning lottery numbers. For the Diversity Visa (Green Card) Lottery, visit our Green Cards page . Taxes Find answers to top questions about filing federal income tax, paying, getting refunds, and more. Unclaimed Money from the Government Find unclaimed funds held by the government that might be owed to you.  Work With Us Five Steps To Get Ready For Primary Season Date: January 15, 2016 We are less than a month away from the start of the 2016 presidential primary and caucus season. On February 1, the Iowa caucuses will kick off the 2016 election cycle. A little over a week later, the New Hampshire primaries will follow. The process goes on through spring as both parties choose a presidential ticket for the 2016 election. As a U.S. citizen, your vote is not only something politicians compete for, but your constitutional right. And exercising that right is as American as the stars and stripes. Before election year officially takes off, USAGov wants to help you get ready with these steps for participating in your state’s primaries or caucuses: Mark the calendar . Primaries and caucuses take place from February to mid-June leading up to the November 8 election. Find out when your state’s will be and make sure you don’t miss them. Register to vote. If you’re not already a registered voter, look up your state on Vote.USA.gov to begin the process. States have different deadlines, so check with your state’s election office to see how soon before its primaries or caucuses you have to register. Research candidates . Debates, town halls, speeches and campaign events--election year is many things, but boring is not one of them. Study the issues, learn how to research candidates , and find out what to look for before, during, and after a debate. Make a plan . It may sound obvious, but having a voting plan is one of the most important things you can do after registering. Work, school, picking up the kids and grocery shopping can make any day hectic. Making a plan to get to your polling station is key . Are you driving? Taking the bus? If you know you won't be able to make it, you may be able to vote absentee ahead of time. Active military members can also vote absentee and make their voices heard at the polls. Plan ahead and make sure you get your vote in on time. Spread the word . Friends, family and acquaintances often talk politics, but sometimes don’t make it to the ballot box. Make sure those around are as prepared as you. If they haven’t registered, send them to Vote.USA.gov to register. Be the informed one in your group. Stay up-to-date with;VoteUSA, USAGov’s yearlong effort to help Americans become more informed and involved in the 2016 election.;VoteUSA;will also host regular;Facebook Q;A sessions;and Twitter events, as well as virtual office hours to answer your questions live. Join the conversation using #VoteUSA or by following us on Facebook and Twitter . En español Back to Top You might also like;… Five Tips for a Smooth Tax Season Doing your taxes is not always straightforward—and might seem a little daunting. Follow these five tips for a smooth tax season. Discover Six of the Government's Best Mobile Apps There’s an app for everything in this digital age, including hundreds developed by the federal government. Here are six apps that we found especially useful. Four Reasons You Can’t Afford to Miss Your Primary or Caucus Why you should vote on Super Tuesday, the biggest primary day of the election cycle. Bouquets and Bruises: This Valentine’s Day, Help Someone Experiencing Abuse If you want to support a friend in this difficult situation, or if you need support yourself, USAGov has gathered these resources to help. Ask Marietta: How Do I Keep My Credit Card Info Safe While Online Shopping? Read Marietta's answer to a consumer concerned about Internet fraud. See More Features Back to Top What you think matters! Form Approved OMB#3090-0297 Exp. Date 06/30/2016 Share This Page:  Health Find health resources from the government. Blood and Organ Donations Find out how to help others through medical donations. Child Care and Related Issues Learn about child care and special child care circumstances. Doctors and Medical Facilities Find tools to locate doctors, hospitals, care facilities, and other medical facilities. Food and Nutrition Learn about nutrition, help to feed your family, and how to safely prepare food. Health Insurance Learn about health insurance, including Medicaid and Medicare. Health Issues Discover online health resources from the U.S. government. Medications Get answers to common questions about buying and using medications. Vaccines and Immunizations Learn about vaccinations and find help getting them for you and your family.  Linking Policy Find out how the team at USA.gov chooses what web pages it should link to. What's on This Page Links to Websites Evaluation Criteria Prohibitions Reciprocal Links Links to Websites Links to Government Websites USA.gov links to publicly available websites that are government-owned or government sponsored, unless directed not to by the agency that owns the site. Acceptable federal government-owned or government-sponsored website domains include .gov, .mil and .fed.us. USA.gov also links to: quasi-government agencies and websites created by public sector/private sector partnerships; state and local government sites (e.g., www.maryland.gov); and some government-sponsored websites that end in .com, .org, or .net (e.g., www.usps.com for the U.S. Postal Service and www.ncfy.com/clear.htm for the National Clearinghouses and Resource Centers on Families and Youth). Links to Non-Government Websites USA.gov also links to websites that are not government-owned or government-sponsored if these websites provide government information and/or services in a way that is not available on an official government website. USA.gov provides these non-government websites as a public service only. The U.S. government, including the U.S. General Services Administration (the primary sponsoring federal agency of USA.gov), neither endorses nor guarantees in any way the external organizations, services, advice, or products included in these website links. Furthermore, the U.S. government neither controls nor guarantees the accuracy, relevance, timeliness or completeness of the information contained in non-government website links. Back to Top Evaluation Criteria The USA.gov staff evaluates all links using the following criteria: Is the website an official government-owned or supported website? If not, does the website provide government information and/or services in a way that is not available on an official government website? Does the website complement existing information, products and services on USA.gov? Is the website accessible and applicable to a wide audience? Is the website's content relevant, useful and authoritative for citizens, businesses and/or government officials? Does the website's information appear to be accurate and current? Is the website's approach to the privacy of personal information consistent with the government's privacy and security policies? Is the primary intent of the website to educate and inform, rather than persuade, convert, or sell? The site may include advertising but must be free from heavy marketing or promotion of products. Does the website provide information free of charge? Back to Top Prohibitions USA.gov will; not ;link to any website that exhibits hate, bias, discrimination, specific religious views, or social agendas. Furthermore, USA.gov reserves the right to deny or remove any link that contains misleading information or unsubstantiated claims, or is determined to be in conflict with USA.gov's mission or policies. Back to Top Reciprocal Links Though any site is welcome to link to USA.gov, USA.gov does not engage in reciprocal linking. USA.gov and GobiernoUSA.gov are the official web portals for the U.S. government. These are public domain websites. There is no cost or special permission required to link to the sites. Back to Top Do you need help? Ask us any question about the U.S. government for free. We'll get you the answer, or we'll tell you where to find it. Call USA.gov Chat with USA.gov E-mail USA.gov What you think matters! Form Approved OMB#3090-0297 Exp. Date 06/30/2016 Share This Page:  Web Chat with USA.gov to Find Government Information and Services Chat service is currently AVAILABLE. Sometimes there is a short wait for an information specialist. For your protection, do not include personal information like telephone or Social Security numbers. Chats may be monitored for quality assurance. Start a chat USA.gov’s chat service is currently CLOSED. You can submit a question through our e-mail form at all times. The response time is typically one business day. USA.gov offers chat service from Monday - Friday: 08:00 AM - 08:00 PM Eastern Time (except federal holidays). Having trouble with the chat function? You may need to disable pop-up blockers to take advantage of all aspects of our chat service. If you are using Internet Explorer version 11 and cannot start a chat, please try a different browser. You can also call us instead at 1-844-USA-GOV1 (1-844-872-4681). Back to Top Do you need help? Ask us any question about the U.S. government for free. We'll get you the answer, or we'll tell you where to find it. Call USA.gov Chat with USA.gov E-mail USA.gov What you think matters! Form Approved OMB#3090-0297 Exp. Date 06/30/2016 Share This Page:  Government Benefits, Grants, and Loans Learn about government programs that provide financial help for individuals and organizations. Affordable Housing Find help with buying or renting an affordable place to live. Benefits Learn about federal government programs, including unemployment benefits, and how to find which ones are available to you. Food Assistance Find out how to get help buying nutritious food for you and your family. Grants and Loans Learn about government grants and loans for states and organizations. For help for individuals, please visit our Benefits page . Help with Bills Learn about government programs to help pay bills and other expenses. Programs and Benefits for Active Military Learn more about assistance available to members of the military and their families. Social Security Questions Find the answers to common questions about receiving Social Security. Student Loans Get answers to the most common questions about student loans. Unemployment Benefits and Other Help for the Unemployed Discover some of the programs and resources that can help if you lose your job.  Unclaimed Money from the Government Unclaimed Money from the Government Find unclaimed funds held by the government that might be owed to you. What's on This Page Find Unclaimed Money Undelivered and Unclaimed Federal Tax Refund Checks Find Unclaimed Money If the government owes you money and you do not collect it, then it's unclaimed. This also applies to banks, credit unions, pensions, and other sources. The following information explains where to look for;unclaimed money and how you can avoid scams related to unclaimed funds. Where to Look for Unclaimed Money ; Currently, the government does not have one central website for finding unclaimed money by name, Social Security number, or state. To find unclaimed money from the government, you can check a number of sources, such as: States' Unclaimed Money Search by State –;Search your state’s listing of unclaimed funds and property. Unclaimed Back Wages Unpaid Wages - If you think you may be owed back wages from your employer, search the Wage and Hour Division's (WHD) database of workers for whom it has money waiting to be claimed. WHD is a part of the U.S. Department of Labor (DOL). ; Retirement Pensions from Former Employers ;–;Search for unclaimed pension money from companies that went out of business or ended a defined plan. Taxes Tax Refunds ;–;The Internal Revenue Service (IRS) may owe you money if your refund was unclaimed or undelivered. Banking, Investments, and Currency Bank Failures ;–;Search the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) for unclaimed funds from failed financial institutions. Credit Union Failures ;–;Find unclaimed deposits from credit unions. SEC Claims Funds ;–;The Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) lists enforcement cases where a company or person owes investors money. Damaged Money ;–;The Treasury Department will exchange mutilated or damaged U.S. currency. Mortgages FHA-Insurance Refunds ;–;If you had an FHA-insured mortgage, you may be eligible for a refund from the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD).;To search the HUD database, you will need your FHA case number (three digits, a dash, and the next six digits—for example, 051-456789). Savings Bonds Search for Savings Bonds That Stopped Earning Interest ;–;Treasury Hunt allows you to search for bonds issued since 1974 that have matured and are no longer earning interest. Calculate the Value ;–;Find the value of your paper savings bond. Replace a Savings Bond ;–;Replace a lost, stolen, or destroyed paper savings bond. International Foreign Claims ;–;U.S. nationals can find money owed to them from foreign governments after loss of property. Unclaimed Money Scams Beware of people who pretend to be the government and offer to send you unclaimed money for a fee. These scammers use a variety of tricks to get your attention, but their goal is the same: to get you to send them money. Government agencies will not call you about unclaimed money or assets. The Federal Trade Commission (FTC) provides tips on how you can avoid government imposter scams . Back to Top Undelivered and Unclaimed Federal Tax Refund Checks Every year, the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) has millions of dollars in tax refunds that go undelivered or unclaimed.; Undelivered Federal Tax Refund Checks Refund checks are mailed to your last known address. If you move without notifying the IRS or the U.S. Postal Service, your refund check may be returned to the IRS. If you were expecting a federal tax refund and did not receive it, check the IRS'; Refund Status . You'll need to enter your Social Security number, filing status, and the exact whole dollar amount of your refund. You may be prompted to change your address online.;You can also call the IRS' Refund Hotline . If you move, submit a Change of Address - Form 8822 to the IRS; you should also submit a Change of Address ;to the U.S. Postal Service. Unclaimed Federal Tax Refunds; If;you are eligible for a federal tax refund and do not file a return, then your refund will go unclaimed. Even if you aren't required to file a return, it might benefit you to file if: Federal taxes were withheld from your pay and/or You qualify for the Earned Income Tax Credit (EITC) If;you didn't file a tax return because your wages were below the filing requirement, you can still file a return within three years of the filing deadline in order to get your refund.; State Refund Checks For information about your state tax refund check, contact your state revenue department . Contact the IRS For more information, contact the Internal Revenue Service . Back to Top Do you need help? Ask us any question about the U.S. government for free. We'll get you the answer, or we'll tell you where to find it. Call USA.gov Chat with USA.gov E-mail USA.gov What you think matters! Form Approved OMB#3090-0297 Exp. Date 06/30/2016 Share This Page:  For Media and Partners Partnering with us is easy. Find all the ways we can work together. Features You're invited to read and use our bilingual articles covering trusted, timely, and valuable government information. Work With Us Learn how the media, community-based organizations, and U.S. government agencies can work with USA.gov.  Travel and Immigration Learn about visiting, traveling within, and moving to the United States. Immigration and Citizenship Learn about U.S. residency and citizenship requirements and issues. Recreation and Travel within the U.S. Find frequently requested government information on recreation activities and traveling in the U.S. U.S. Citizens Traveling Abroad Explore some of the top issues for U.S. Citizens when traveling outside of the country. Visas, Tourists, and Temporary Visitors Find the answers to common questions about visiting the United States.  Government Agencies and Elected Officials Find contact information for federal, state, and local government agencies and elected officials. A-Z Index of U.S. Government Agencies Find contact information for federal government departments and agencies. Branches of Government Learn more about the executive, legislative, and judicial branches of the U.S. government. Contact Elected Officials Find contact information for federal, state, and local government officials. Contact Government by Topic Find contact information for government programs, listed by topic. State, Local, and Tribal Governments Find contact information for state, local, and tribal governments.  Unemployment Benefits and Other Help for the Unemployed Public Service and Volunteer Opportunities Many federal organizations offer volunteer opportunities: Serve.gov ;- Sign up for volunteer opportunities and create projects. Tool kits;are available to help develop your ideas into projects. JoiningForces.gov - Start a volunteer project, send a message of thanks or give service hours to support our service members and their families. PeaceCorps.gov ;- Find volunteer programs where you serve abroad and make a difference by working directly within communities to build capacity in education, health, environment and more. CitizenCorps.gov - Get training in first aid and emergency skills. Volunteer to support local emergency responders and disaster relief efforts. NationalService.gov ;-;Offers grants for service and volunteering; programs include the AmeriCorps, Senior Corps and Social Innovation Fund. Volunteer.gov ;- Volunteer opportunities in America's natural and cultural resources, including national parks. Volunteer.VA.gov ;- Volunteer at a Veterans Affairs (VA) facility in your area. Federal Election Volunteers – Become a Poll Worker - Assist election officials in your state. Natural Resources Conservation Earth Team Volunteers - Work with private landowners to improve soil quality, conserve water, improve air quality and enhance wildlife habitat. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) - Volunteers take part in research, observation and educational roles that benefit science and the planet. Back to Top Do you need help? Ask us any question about the U.S. government for free. We'll get you the answer, or we'll tell you where to find it. Call USA.gov Chat with USA.gov E-mail USA.gov What you think matters! Form Approved OMB#3090-0297 Exp. Date 06/30/2016 Share This Page:  About USA.gov Our mission is to create and organize timely, needed government information and services and make them accessible anytime, anywhere, via your channel of choice. About Us Learn more about the history and mission of the website USA.gov. Contact USA.gov Contact us about USA.gov or about any government question you have. For Developers Software developers and researchers can use these APIs and data feeds to help people find useful government information. For Media and Partners Partnering with us is easy. Find all the ways we can work together. Free Commercial Downloads We provide links so you can get the free software needed to view some documents or to access audio and visual files on our website. Linking Policy Find out how the team at USA.gov chooses what web pages it should link to. Linking to USA.gov Feel free to link to pages on USA.gov from your website. Here's how to do it. Privacy, Security, and Accessibility Policies USA.gov doesn't collect personal information when you visit our web site unless you choose to provide that information. RSS Feeds Subscribe to RSS feeds from USA.gov. USAGov Bilingual Style Guide Find out how we use best practices from our bilingual Style Guide to create digital content for USAGov. Website Notices We want you to have an easy time using USA.gov, but some parts of the experience are out of our control. Learn more about it.  Federal Election Laws, Results, and Voting History Find My State's Election Office Website Presidential Election Process Register to Vote Voter Registration Age Requirements Voter Registration Deadlines Voting Common Questions Register to Vote Find voter eligibility requirements and information on registering to vote in person, early and absentee. What's on This Page Register to Vote Voter Identification, Name/Address Changes, Party Affiliation Requirements Voter Eligibility Absentee and Early Voting Register to Vote If you need to register to vote, visit Vote.USA.gov . Depending on your state’s voter registration rules, the site can help you: Register online. This is available for 31 states plus the District of Columbia . Download the National Mail Voter Registration Form . You can fill it out onscreen and print the completed form, or print the blank form and fill it out by hand. Remember to sign the form before mailing it to the location listed for your state. Find guidance for states and territories with different registration procedures. ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;; Start Your Voter Registration Register to Vote in Person You may be able to register to vote at public facilities. Check with your state or territory election office before heading to any of these locations: State or local voter registration and/or election offices The department of motor vehicles Armed services recruitment centers State and county public assistance offices (SNAP/food stamps, WIC, services for the disabled), where you may fill out and submit a National Mail Voter Registration Form. Overseas Voters If you are outside the U.S., you can get information online from the Federal Voting Assistance Program (FVAP) or call an international FVAP hotline. Back to Top Voter Identification, Name/Address Changes, Party Affiliation Requirements There are nearly as many variations in voter registration requirements as there are states and territories in the U.S. It's usually best to check with your; state or territory election office ;to be sure you're meeting its specifications. States generally have similar ways of handling important voter registration issues including:; Voter identification requirements Name and address changes Party affiliation ;Find; answers to some common voter registration questions .; Back to Top Voter Eligibility Basic Requirements To vote in a federal election in the United States, potential voters must meet certain requirements. No matter which state you live in, you are eligible to vote if: You are a U.S. citizen. You meet your state’s residency requirements. You are 18 years old. Some states allow 17-year-olds to vote in primaries and/or register to vote if they will be 18 before the general election. Check your state’s Voter Registration Age Requirements . Voter Registration Deadlines Some states require you to register at least 30 days prior to the election, while a few allow you to register on Election Day itself. Primaries and Caucuses Find your state’s voter registration deadline for the Presidential Primary elections. Caucuses are run by the state’s political parties, not by the state election office. If your state holds presidential caucuses rather than primaries , contact your state election office or the political party of your choice for complete information on participating, including voter registration requirements. General Election Find out your state's Voter Registration Deadline ;for the General Election. Additional Requirements by State Many states have additional requirements, such as specific types of identification that you must show at your voting site before being allowed to vote. Visit your State Election Office website to learn about ID requirements and other information. Election Assistance Commission Resources You can also visit the Election Assistance Commission (EAC) interactive map with voter information by state . Select your state to learn whether it offers online voter registration. The EAC also maintains the National Mail Voter Registration Form . The form contains voter registration rules and regulations for each state and territory. The EAC’s voter resources page provides a quick checklist to help ensure you meet your state’s voting requirements and have a seamless experience on Election Day. Back to Top Absentee and Early Voting Sometimes circumstances might make it difficult or impossible for you to vote on Election Day. But your state may allow you to cast your ballot during a designated early voting period . Registered voters from every state can request an absentee ballot ;to vote. However, some states require an excuse to vote absentee. Members of the United States military, their spouses, and eligible family members routinely request absentee ballots when stationed outside their state of permanent residence. How do I vote when I am away from home? You can vote by absentee ballot, which allows you to vote before the election. You can return the ballot by mail to your local election officials. How can I get an absentee ballot? Contact your state/territorial election office . Many states allow no-excuse absentee voting . Twenty states require an excuse for needing an absentee ballot. This National Conference of State Legislatures table shows which states require an excuse. Accepted reasons vary from state to state, but some reasons may include: Having an illness or disability that prevents you from going to your designated polling place Being on business or vacation outside your county or city of residence on Election Day Being a citizen who resides overseas Check the absentee ballot information on your state/territorial election office website to find out what excuses your state will accept. Some states offer registered voters the option to register as permanent absentee voters . How can I get an absentee ballot if I'm outside the United States? Contact the state/territorial election office where you hold legal voting residence . Get information online from the Federal Voting Assistance Program (FVAP) or call an international FVAP hotline . Military Voting Members of the military stationed overseas or outside their legal voting residence always have the right to vote absentee.; Military spouses and other eligible family members are also allowed to vote absentee, under the same law that protects the military member’s right to vote. Visit the Federal Voting Assistance Program for more information on deadline extensions and how to request an absentee ballot. Early Voting;and In-Person Absentee Voting The majority of states have early voting , which allows registered voters to cast their ballot during a designated period prior to Election Day. States with early voting do not require voters;to submit an excuse explaining why they need to vote early. Some states don’t have early voting, but do have in-person absentee voting, which may allow you to cast your vote early as well. But in-person absentee voting will require you to obtain an absentee ballot, and may require an excuse accepted by your state. The designated time period for early or in-person absentee voting varies from state to state. The best place to check the timeframes and rules for early voting and in-person absentee voting is your state/territorial election office website. Back to Top Do you need help? Ask us any question about the U.S. government for free. We'll get you the answer, or we'll tell you where to find it. Call USA.gov Chat with USA.gov E-mail USA.gov What you think matters! Form Approved OMB#3090-0297 Exp. Date 06/30/2016 Share This Page: Immigrate to the United States How to Immigrate to the United States Green Card Lottery (Diversity Visa) Back to Top Find Government Services and Information by Topic A-Z Index of U.S. Government Agencies Find contact information for federal government departments and agencies. Benefits, Grants, and Loans Learn about government programs that provide financial help for individuals and organizations. Health Find health resources from the government. Housing and Community Get information and services to help with finding and keeping a home. Jobs and Unemployment Find out how and where to look for a new job or career, get help if you are unemployed, and more. Money and Shopping Learn about consumer issues, taxes, unclaimed money, buying from the government, and more. Travel and Immigration Learn about visiting, traveling within, and moving to the United States. Find More Services Find government information and services by topic. Back to Top Contact Government Agencies and Elected Officials Browse Categories to Contact Federal Agencies and Branches of Government A-Z Index of Federal Agencies Contact Your Government by Topic Branches of Government Federal Agencies and Branches of Government State, Local, and Tribal Governments 
