Search the Arts ; Sciences site Search the full SCU site Innovations that Saved Humanity More Into College of Arts and Sciences Home College of Arts and Sciences Home to the visual and performing arts, natural and social sciences, and humanities, the College of Arts and Sciences offers majors, minors , and core ;requirements for undergraduate students. The College also offers a graduate degree in Pastoral Ministries . Undergraduate Research Fuller Lab Student Spotlight ESS senior Sean Reilly wins prestigious Fulbright scholarship Read More Student Stories Featured Alumni Spotlight on Spotlight Santa Clara's own Blye Pagon Faust '97 was on campus for a hometown screening of Spotlight , the Academy Award-winning film for Best Original Screenplay and Best Picture that she co-produced. Initiatives - College of Arts and Sciences - Santa Clara University Skip to main content Santa Clara University Santa Clara University College of Arts and Sciences Santa Clara;offers a vibrant, welcoming work environment. This is the go-to place for campus services and resources that support our almost 2,000 staff and faculty members. ; Camino Connect to SCU's Learning Management System. Login Benefits Find info on SCU faculty and staff benefits. Learn more SCU Logins Access your email, eCampus, Google Apps... Email (and more) Faculty Handbook The faculty handbook provides a complete record of faculty policies and procedures. Read more University Finance Office The Finance Office supports all operations of the University by providing financial services. Jesuit School of Theology School of Law Centers of Distinction Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education Markkula Center for Applied Ethics Centers and Institutes » The Arts at SCU ; Santa Clara offers a wide variety of opportunities for students, families, and visitors to experience, participate, and learn through the arts. Arts at SCU Home Arts at SCU The visual and performing arts are a fundamental part of the Santa Clara experience—we encourage students to celebrate an understanding of others and ourselves through the shared experience of art.; Whether it's a student performance or exhibit, a curated show from a nationally prominent artist, or a world-class performance, SCU provides a wide variety of ways to engage through the arts. And our Arts for Social Justice program provides a collaborative, interdisciplinary approach to raising awareness about critical issues that foster dialogue and action in the community. SCU Presents SCU Presents fosters opportunities to teach students, engage audiences, and promote understanding through the performing arts. We encompass programming from University departments, arts initiatives, and select visiting artist series programming. See our schedule de Saisset Museum Discover fascinating exhibitions. Experience thought-provoking programs. Be inspired by exploring California art and history. Standing at the heart of the Mission Campus, the de Saisset Museum is the South Bay's only free museum of art and history. Current exhibitions Event Schedule Attend a recital, see an exhibition, spend the evening at the theatre, or hear nationally-acclaimed writers read and comment on their work. Whatever your preference, check out our calendar of events to find out all the upcoming events you can attend. Upcoming events Art and Art History The Department of Art and Art History integrates theory with practice, providing students in studio art with a foundation in art history and art history students with practical experience in the process of making art. Learn more! Digital Filmmaking Program Found within the Communication Department, this program teaches visual expression skills, with advanced coursework offered, in the interpretation and production of documentary, fiction, and experimental films. Students learn from filmmakers and scholars who integrate their teaching, creative work, and scholarship. Learn more! Dance "Perform meaningfully" is our invitation and challenge, whether in classes or performances at SCU, on the Broadway stage, as professionals in myriad disciplines, or as teachers in service to others. We help prepare you for your commitments. Learn more! English An SCU English degree provides a set of writing and analytical skills that can lead you down any number of paths—in the arts, education, technology, policy, business, and more. Our students study and produce writing that moves readers, changes lives, and transforms the world. Learn more! Music Music has been a vital presence at SCU since 1851. The Department of Music provides an intellectual and stimulating artistic environment fostering individual expression and creativity through the study of music and musical performance. Learn more! Theatre The Department of Theatre and Dance fuels a passion for performance and explores where it can take us in any endeavor. We are a community of artist-scholars, faculty, staff, students, and alumni celebrating the creativity of the human spirit. Stephanie Hughes Lecturer I am a registered Chemical Engineer with more than 20 years of broad technical experience in air and water quality, including pollutant source characterization, chemical fate and transport, water and wastewater treatment, and regulatory permit compliance. Mathematics ; Computer Science Nicolette Meshkat Assistant Professor, Clare Booth Luce Assistant Professor B.A., University of California, Berkeley; M.A., Ph.D., University of California, Los Angeles Specialties: applied algebraic geometry, systems biology O'Connor Hall, Room 4 408-554-4544 Email Modern Languages ; Literatures Seiko Fujii Lecturer 408-551-3174 sfujii@scu.edu Philosophy Meilin Chinn Assistant Professor Aesthetics and Chinese Philosophy Robert Shanklin Lecturer Ethics, Applied Ethics, and Chinese Philosophy Political Science Anne Baker Assistant Professor Dr. Baker teaches courses in U.S. politics with an emphasis on political institutions. Dr. Baker's research focuses upon money in politics, particularly its impact on congressional elections and representation as well as the operations and strategies of political parties and interest groups Religious Studies Sally Vance-Trembath, Ph.D. Lecturer Ecclesiology, Vatican II in particular Roberto Mata, Th.D. Assistant Professor Sociology Cara Chiaraluce Lecturer (2015) Ph.D. 2014, Sociology, University of California, Davis Social Inequalities and Social Problems; Sex and Gender; Marriage and Family, Childhood and Youth; Social Psychology Office: O'Connor 302 Phone: 408-554-4510 Jesuit School of Theology School of Law Centers of Distinction Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education Markkula Center for Applied Ethics Centers and Institutes » Admission What does your day look like? At Santa Clara, we're performing, reading, and building robots. Admission Home Admission Broncos are ambitious problem-solvers. They care about the world around them. We give them the knowledge, experiences, and opportunities to;make it better. Are you one of us? Apply to Santa Clara University today.; Undergraduate Admission Get Started Review our requirements, current;Class Profile, key deadlines, and more. Learn More Visit Campus A great;way to get to know Santa Clara is to see it for yourself. Schedule a Visit Ready to Apply? We'll send you directly to the Common App. Apply Now Graduate Admission; Each graduate school handles;their own admission. School of Education and Counseling Psychology SECP offers Masters and credential programs and certificates to those serving their communities in education, counseling, health and human services, or ministry. School of Law In addition to J.D. and LL.M. degrees, the School of Law offers unique combined degree programs in J.D./MSIS. Leavey School of Business With the largest MBA program in Silicon Valley as well as specialized Masters degrees, the business school offers a range of options to professionals at different stages in their careers. Jesuit School of Theology JST offers a range of Masters degrees (including M.Div.) to students interested in preparing for a broad range of ministries and service to the church and world. School of Engineering Graduate Programs The School of Engineering offers flexible graduate programs for working engineers in Silicon Valley, as well as traditional full-time programs. Graduate Program in Pastoral Ministries GPPM’s Masters degree prepares its graduates to enter professional ministries. International Students We require different financial, language proficiency, and school transcript materials from you. Review our international section ;before visiting the first-year, transfer, or graduate sections for the rest of your;application information. Campus Safety is dedicated to ensuring the safety, security and peace of the University campus. They maintain a campus environment that is accessible and inviting to students, faculty, staff and guests. They are the primary protectors of the University.;It is their duty to be the first responders to medical, fire and other emergencies.; Follow Campus Safety Services on Social Media! Facebook:; Santa;Clara;University;Campus;Safety;Services Twitter:; @SCUCampusSafety Staff Philip Beltran Director (408) 554-5082 John Thomas Loretto II Assistant Director (408) 554-5082 VACANT Director, Emergency Planning (408) 554-4749 Millie Kenney Director, Parking ; Transportation (408) 551-1699 Lusiana Khouw Administrative Assistant (408) 554-4775 Watch Commanders Michael Brady Watch Commander Philip Livak Watch Commander Tracy Cox Watch Commander Raymond Yee Watch Commander Charli Colhour Assistant Watch Commander Lavonne Ledbetter-Baker Assistant Watch Commander Dan Ruiz Assistant Watch Commander Amanda Jo Wilson Assistant Watch Commander Campus Safety Officers Welcome to the Bronco Family Santa Clara provides a range of resources and support to help you become active members of the SCU community. The following services will help you stay informed and connected.; Family involvement can be an important part of a successful undergraduate experience. Partner with us and help your student have a rewarding and fulfilling year. ;; Billing ; Student Accounts Review or make payments to your accounts. Login here Dining Plans Review or make payments to your Dining Plus or Flex account. Login here Enrollment Services Get assistance with billing, financial aid, and registration. The Department of Human Resources is committed to supporting Santa Clara University’s Mission, Vision and Values.; This is accomplished through the efforts of a dedicated and diverse group of HR professionals.; Human Resources strives to: Create an environment that welcomes and values the diversity of our staff, faculty and student employees; Recruit, develop and retain a highly skilled workforce; Create a cost effective, comprehensive and competitive compensation and benefits program; Offer a wide range of developmental opportunities promoting knowledge acquisition, skill development, personal well-being and organizational health; Design and implement policies, processes and programs, in compliance with applicable laws, which enable people to be and do their best. Please contact us with your thoughts, ideas and feedback. (link to feedback form) Jesuit School of Theology School of Law Centers of Distinction Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education Markkula Center for Applied Ethics Centers and Institutes » Giving Make a difference: Support from donors helps students achieve their dreams. Giving Home Giving Thank You. Your gift to Santa Clara—no matter the size—makes a huge difference in the lives of our students. More than 8,000 students;benefit every year from the generosity of our donors.; Support SCU Help fund Santa Clara scholarships, programs, and more. Give Now Learn More Find;information;about ways to give, planned giving, and more. How to Give Contact Us Our staff;is happy to answer any question you may have. Contact Us Why Give to SCU? Serving Locally, Serving Globally Anthony Hascheff's experience with the Neighborhood Prosperity Initiative opened his eyes to paths he hadn't event anticipated. He was able to help do great things thanks to the generosity of donors that support the program. Development News From Curtains to Classrooms Alan and Susan Brooking never saw themselves as commercial landlords, but they did see how the gift of a building could influence the future of SCU students. Welcome to the Enrollment Services Center. Our friendly staff in the One Stop are here to assist you with your billing, financial aid and registration needs. We have eliminated the need for you to travel across campus or call multiple departments to obtain answers to your Bursar, Financial Aid and Registrar-related questions. Please stop by and allow us to assist you in finding the resources you need! ; ; Students MUST come by the One Stop ;to begin the;process;to complete the Petition to Walk ; ; ; ; Make life easier for your parents and sign a FERPA Release today on eCampus ! Previous Next Undergraduates ; Last Day to Drop w/ a W (NO REFUNDS) May 13 th Summer Quarter Tuition Payment Deadline May 21 st Undergraduate Spring Quarter Finals Week June 6 th - June 9 th ;;; How to Create a FSA ID Short instructional video to walk you through the steps on how to create a FSA ID. Graduates Last Day to Drop w/ a W (NO REFUNDS) May 13 th Summer Quarter Tuition Payment Deadline May 21 st Graduate Spring Quarter Finals Week (Not including Law School) MBA/PM/ECP : June 6 th - June 9 th ENGR : June 6 th - June 10 th How to Fill out the FAFSA Short video to walk you through the steps! One Stop Enrollment Current Students Parents Newly Admitted Students Alumni Other Resources Contact Us Summer Session 2016 Applying for Financial Aid for New/Current Students Need to make a payment? Click on the Parents (Authorized Users) and Students (eCampus) to make a payment! Authorized User/Parent Login eCampus Student Login Santa Clara University Enrollment Services Center 500 El Camino Real Santa Clara, CA 95053-0609 USA ; HRS: 8:30AM PST - 5:00PM PST Wouldn't you rather work for a place with a Mission? Consider Santa Clara University. Resumes and applications are accepted for posted positions only. The University does not accept unsolicited resumes and applications. Santa Clara University is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer, committed to excellence through diversity and inclusion, and, in this spirit, particularly welcomes applications from women, persons of color, and members of historically underrepresented groups. The University will provide reasonable accommodations to individuals with a disability. Santa Clara University annually collects information about campus crimes and other reportable incidents in accordance with the federal Jeanne Clery Disclosure of Campus Security Policy and Campus Crime Statistics Act. To view the Santa Clara University report, please go to the Campus Safety Services website at http://www.scu.edu/cs/. To request a paper copy please call Campus Safety at (408) 554-4441. The report includes the type of crime, venue, and number of occurrences. Santa Clara University is located in the heart of the lush and beautiful Silicon Valley, where the sun shines nearly 300 days each year. Our campus is just 5 miles from the San Jose International Airport and about 35 miles south of the San Francisco International Airport. The photo above shows our main entrance. Santa Clara University 500 El Camino Real Santa Clara, CA 95053 408-554-4000 Directions If you’re coming from; U.S. Highway 101: Take the De La Cruz Boulevard/Santa Clara exit. Follow De La Cruz Boulevard towards El Camino Real (stay in the right lane). When De La Cruz Boulevard splits, follow the right split over the overpass. Turn right on Lafayette Street staying in the right turn lane. Turn right at El Camino Real. The main entrance to Santa Clara University will be on the right-hand side of the road. If you are coming from; Interstate 880: Take The Alameda exit. Travel north on The Alameda. The Alameda will become El Camino Real. The main entrance to Santa Clara University will be on the left-hand side of the road. If you’re coming from; Interstate 280: Take Interstate 880 north toward Oakland. Exit at The Alameda. Turn left on The Alameda. The Alameda will become El Camino Real. The main entrance to Santa Clara University will be on the left-hand side of the road. Operations Management ; Information Systems School of Law Jesuit School of Theology School of Education and Counseling Psychology News ; Events Home College of Arts and Sciences Chemistry ; Biochemistry News ; Events Fuller Lab Fuller Lab The Fuller lab has continued to grow in new directions in the last year. Our research continues to focus on the synthesis and study of peptidomimetics, including peptoids and related molecules. As we’ve made some more interesting molecules, we’ve been engaging in new collaborations with other SCU faculty to study them from different angles. Vikrum Jain (’16) is working in the Fuller lab and with some faculty in the Department of Biology on a project to evaluate the potential inhibition of bacterial growth of the compounds we’ve made in the Fuller lab and in the CHEM33 majors organic chemistry lab class. We’re also engaged in collaborations with Prof. Prashanth Asuri in the bioengineering department. Jack Huber (’17) is evaluating how peptoid structure is influenced by macromolecules that simulate a cellular environment. Lastly, we’re excited to be learning more about our peptoids through our collaboration with Prof. Grace Stokes in our own department as she gets her research program off the ground. The rest of the research team is moving things forward at a great pace too. Four students worked full time in the lab for the summer: Alberto Ortega (’15), Aanchal Mohan (’16), Vikrum Jain (’16) and Jack Huber (’17). The five of us traveled to Berkeley, CA this August for the Peptoid Summit, a conference that highlights diverse research on peptoids. I presented a talk about some of our recent results, and the students presented a poster to this highly engaged audience. This academic year, Kyra McComas (’16) is continuing her work in the lab, and two new juniors, Caroline Bosmajian and Daniel Tiano have joined us. Both Vik and Jack also deserve recognition for winning some competitive awards on campus to support their work in our lab; Vik is a DeNardo Science Scholar, and Jack won the Johnson Leadership Stipend. Although it’s always hard to say goodbye to the graduating seniors, it’s great to see them move deservedly to new and exciting frontiers. Allyson Koh is applying to medical schools and working in Oregon, and Alberto Ortega got a job at a biotech company in Silicon Valley. Greg Gate (’14) also left his technician position in the lab to start grad school at UCSB. News from Fuller lab alumni: Paul Bruno (’10) became the first Fuller lab alumnus to earn his Ph.D. Paul finished his degree at University of Michigan this year! We’re looking forward to another fun and productive year in 2016! April 5, 2016 171624 Chemistry ; Biochemistry Santa Clara University understands sustainability as finding the balance and illustrating the connections among a vibrant economy, a just society, and a healthy environment that meets all fundamental needs currently and in the future, especially those of the global poor. The Center for Sustainability hosts events and programs, implements initiatives, and features stories that relate to helping the University achieve climate neutrality, practice responsible consumerism, develop a culture of sustainability and use the campus as a living laboratory. ; Sustainability Champion 2015-2016 Click here to nominate an individual or group at SCU who is committed to developing a culture of sustainability. Awards will be given to a faculty member, a staff member, a student, a group, a collaborative project, and a current Sustainability Liaison. You can nominate yourself or someone else. If you nominate someone else, we will invite them to provide more information about their contributions this academic year. Sustainability Champions will be announced at the Sustainability Celebration on Thursday, June 2 from 4-6:30pm. Nomination deadline: Wednesday, May 11th, 2016, 11:59pm April is Food Month Join SCU's;Food Recovery Network to reduce food waste ; Check out the Monterey Bay Aquarium Seafood Watch ; Read how SCU Dining Services by Bon Appetit is leading by example Read this month's Sustainability Update Search the Leavey School of Business site Search the full SCU site Ingenuity at work. Leavey School of Business Home Leavey School of Business Innovation, integrity, inspiration : Business as usual at Santa Clara University Located in the heart of Silicon Valley, one of the most dynamic business environments in the world, the Leavey School of Business combines academic excellence in the 450-year Jesuit tradition, with an energetic,;innovative spirit;that typifies;the region. Explore the business undergraduate degree ; Blending the theoretical and the practical, producing alumni who are highly sought-after by Bay Area employers. Investigate our well-regarded graduate business degree programs—both; MBA and specialized Master's —taught by distinguished faculty;with international reputations for innovative scholarship. Learn about our distinguished faculty ; Their scholarship;deepens and broadens our understanding of business Read about Leavey School of Business alumni ;whose;work and character reflect the best of Santa Clara University, creating a just,;humane, and sustainable world. ; Leavey School of Business News The Power of One Day Santa Clara University's 3rd annual Day of Giving set records for SCU support. The Business School was no exception, bringing in 45% more dollars than last year! Can You Hack It? BroncoHack competitors must combine business, technology and social justice. Search the Arts ; Sciences site Search the full SCU site DeNardo Lectureship in the Health Sciences Home College of Arts and Sciences Initiatives DeNardo Lectureship in the Health Sciences The Gerald and Sally DeNardo Lectureship was established through an endowment created and funded by Gerald and Sally DeNardo. Their vision is for the Lectureship to be the major and most effective presentation in the health sciences at Santa Clara. The breadth of the speaker will also position the lectureship to be one of the most important events for the Santa Clara University community as a whole, and include a public lecture, a student lecture, and other interactive campus events. Boasting dynamic and eminent speakers inspired by purpose, the Lectureship brings out the best of a Jesuit education, reflecting Santa Clara’s institutional commitment to the pursuit of informed ethical discourse across the University. Complementing the Lectureship is Health ; Science Horizons , a series of interdisciplinary programs aimed at informing and enriching an intellectual dialogue across campus and in our community. The DeNardos expanded their vision to include Science Research Scholars, as well as a Senior Prize. The vision for the Gerald and Sally DeNardo Science Scholars is to support the undergraduate research experience of outstanding science students with Santa Clara University faculty mentors. The Gerald and Sally DeNardo Senior Prize in Science Research is to recognize outstanding research accomplishment by a Santa Clara University undergraduate pursuing a career in the health sciences. Initiatives Dean's Leadership Forum Center for the Arts and Humanities DeNardo Lectureship in the Health Sciences “All In” Goes All Out Students celebrate DoG 2016 “All In” Goes All Out More than $3.5 million was raised by 4,560 donors in a crushing show of Bronco pride on SCU’s annual Day of Giving. Backed by powerhouse results including more than $1 million in gifts for Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship and $853,000 for Bronco Athletics, Santa Clara University smashed its previous record for one-day proceeds from its third annual Day of Giving challenge, “ALL IN FOR SCU” April 6. During the 24-hour period, the University raised a whopping $3,506,768 from 4,560 donors -- a 166 percent increase over the previous year’s record-setting showings for single-day proceeds. “In one day, we unlocked an entire world of transformative opportunities for SCU and its students,” said James Lyons, vice president for University Relations. “And just as important, the energy and enthusiasm that Santa Clara University’s Day of Giving generated is worth many times the money we raised, driving home how we are all invested in the success of our students and we really are ‘All In for SCU.’” ; To foster a friendly competition among SCU’s loyal donor base, this year All In for SCU featured numerous challenges to donors to help their favored units win pieces of two challenge gifts totalling $250,000. Results, which can be found at https://givingday.scu.edu , were impressive: Twenty-five campus units will share pro rata in the $125,000 “dollar-based” challenge grant, including Miller Center ($39,700 in dollar-based challenge money earned), Santa Clara Fund ($6,300) and club sports ($2,600). The units will also share pro rata in a $125,000 "donor-based" challenge grant, including Athletics ($38,000 in donor-based challenge money earned), College of Arts and Sciences ($12,700) and Leavey School of Business ($8,000). An additional $25,000 in challenge money was also successfully deployed: A young alumni challenge to secure at least 600 gifts generated 892 gifts -- yielding $10,000 for student programs A Facebook challenge to share a single post at least 165 times resulted in 288 shares and generated $5,000 for student programs Twitter and Instagram challenges to get at least 100 posts of #AllinforSCU were matched unlocking $5,000 each Although All In for SCU is a one-day affair, it required weeks of planning by a staff of more than 50 who worked for weeks to pull off. Eighty different e-mail segments were sent in the weeks prior to the day to tens of thousands of alumni and supporters. Among the other beneficiaries of the day: Athletics received gifts from the most donors (1,378), totalling $853,743. The next-largest gifts after the Miller Center ($1.034 million) and athletics, were to the School of Law ($636,131), Santa Clara Fund ($165,716), School of Engineering ($136,040), and the College of Arts and Sciences ($92,909). The effort was also supported by the strongest social media campaign ever undertaken by SCU. Posts encouraging gifts and asking users to “share” messages to unlock the $5,000 challenge gift were posted at a steady clip throughout the day on Facebook, Instagram, and Twitter accounts of all the units on campus. Almost 300 people shared the first post of the day, unlocking $5,000 for the cause. Other posts kept up the urgency by sharing the latest standings in the leaderboards and various challenges. Online donors were provided with All In for SCU badges to brag about their gifts on their Facebook, Twitter, Instagram accounts. Donors also used social media to encourage others to give, especially late in the day to push SCU over the $3 million mark. April 7, 2016 Recent Headlines Photo by Joanne Lee At SCU, some of the world’s best students come and go with the support of scholarships. Ed Cohen From incoming first-year students who have attained high levels of academic achievement to outgoing students and alumni focused on making the world a better, and better understood, place, scholarships help recognize, support, and reward scholars of promising talent while they explore their personal potential and develop deep leadership skills. At SCU, several recent announcements highlight the importance of scholarships and the work they support. Farther Afield It was just announced that three seniors and a 2015 graduate are headed to the Czech Republic, Morocco, Ghana and Australia as Fulbright Scholars. That volume of Fulbright winners puts SCU among the top 5 percent of similar schools nationwide. The prestigious Fulbright scholarship grants fuel the flagship international educational exchange program sponsored by the U.S. government. The Fulbright program is designed to increase mutual understanding between the people of the United States and in more than 155 foreign countries. Here’s where Santa Clara’s Fulbright winners are going: Lindsey Allen ’16 (Morocco). The senior political science major from Oak Park, Illinois, studied and conducted field research in Morocco while a student. She’ll be heading back to the North African country to advocate for social entrepreneurship as an economic growth strategy. During her academic career she also traveled to Tanzania and Uganda as a Global Social Benefit Fellow of SCU’s Miller Center for Social Entprepreneurship. Clara Cushing ’16 (Czech Republic). The senior classics and English double major will be an English teaching assistant in the Central European country. The 21-year-old from Monterey, California, a descendant of European emigres, has three years of experience as an ESL tutor. She used American literature as a way to help her students understand American culture, past and present. She also studied abroad in Rome. Sean Reilly ’16 (Queensland, Australia). The environmental science and biology double major will study efforts to remove the pond apple, an invasive fruit tree that spreads aggressively outside its native range and can smother native species. In Queensland, he’ll be working with aboriginal people who serve as rangers to protect marine areas, mangroves, freshwater wetlands, rainforest-clad mountains, coastal plains, beaches, reefs and islands. The 22-year-old San Jose native is president of SCU’s GREEN Club and has conducted research with SCU faculty on the dynamics of atmospheric-river storms. Stephanie Goodman ’15 (Ghana). The public health science and political science double major from Kirkland, Washington, will evaluate the effect that enrollment in Ghana’s National Health Insurance Scheme has had on trauma-related mortality. While at SCU she was a campus EMT and worked as a research assistant on the Minerva Initiative, which focused on the process of establishing peace after a national conflict. She spent a summer as a Global Fellow in Ghana and went to Bosnia and Jordan to observe the effects of international participation in establishing peace. On Campus The doors are about to swing open to the latest cohort of Johnson Scholars. These are high school seniors who demonstrate such exceptional talent and promise as leaders in building a better world that the University offers them merit awards covering full tuition and room and board. The decision deadline for students offered admission as 2016 Johnson Scholars is May 1. Current Johnson Scholars include: Alaina Boyle ’17 (Rocklin, California). She directed a talent show in high school to raise money to build schools in Uganda. Last summer, supported by a Johnson Leadership Fellows grant, she traveled to the small West African country of The Gambia and taught teenage girls to be teachers. Drew;Descourouez ’19 (Los Altos, California). ; He served on the youth advisory committee of Free the Children, with whom he traveled to Kenya and China. He founded Bellarmine's Free the Children Club, working to inspire others to make a difference in the world, and he has a passion for working on social justice issues. Owen Huelsbeck ’18 (Tacoma, Washington). He co-founded a nonprofit organization aimed at eliminating youth homelessness in his home area of Pierce County. Harshitha Mogallapalli ’18 (Brookfield, Wisconsin). She studied piano and Indian classical music from a young age and in high school founded a nonprofit to work with inner city students and build a community through music. Green Candidate Santa Clara University junior environmental studies and sciences and communication double major Déjà Thomas ’17 has been chosen for a highly selective Udall Undergraduate Scholarship for environmental study. The award from Udall Foundation honors college sophomores and juniors who exhibit leadership, public service, and commitment to issues related to American Indian nations or to the environment. The award funds up to $7,000 for study, as well as a four-day networking summer orientation in Tucson, Arizona, where scholars work on environmental case studies with alumni of the program. Thomas came to SCU from Bellevue, Washington, committed to environmental studies after having studied landfills, composting and recycling as a high-school intern with Bellevue’s Environmental Stewardship Initiative. She joined the Sustainable Living Undergraduate Research Project (SLURP) class as a first-year student, and helped advance the movement to encourage and facilitate cold-water use in residence hall washing machines. She was chosen as a Global Social Benefit Fellow for this summer, when she will travel to Mpigi Uganda to research the impact of a company that makes affordable, naturally sourced sanitary pads for girls. April 25, 2016 Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Undergraduate Majors and Minors - Academics - College of Arts and Sciences - Santa Clara University Skip to main content Santa Clara University Santa Clara University College of Arts and Sciences Jesuit School of Theology School of Law Centers of Distinction Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education Markkula Center for Applied Ethics Centers and Institutes » About SCU Campus with a mission: Founded in 1851, SCU has had an enduring lineage and legacy in the Bay Area. About SCU Home About SCU Located in the heart of Silicon Valley , Santa Clara University blends high-tech innovation with a social consciousness grounded in the Jesuit educational tradition . We are committed to leaving the world a better place. We pursue new technology , encourage creativity , engage with our communities , and share an entrepreneurial mindset . Our goal is to help shape the next generation of leaders and global thinkers. Santa Clara's; undergraduate ;and graduate programs ;span areas ranging from psychology to sustainable-energy engineering and from theatre arts to business analytics. ; Fueling the Social Entrepreneurship Movement Junior-year undergrads at SCU aid social entrepreneurs in reinventing a business model to open rural energy distribution centers. Hands off The driverless vehicle of the future? A Sunnyvale-based startup chose the Mission Campus as a proving ground for its autonomous vehicle. Alumni Successes Aven Satre-Meloy ’13 is heading to Oxford as SCU’s newest Rhodes Scholar ;after teaching English in Turkey on a Fulbright and interning at the White House.; Phyllis Hamilton ’76 was recently named Chief Judge of the U.S. District Court ;for the Northern District of California. She is the first African American woman to lead the court. Carol Reiley ’04 blends science and art to write a book helping kids view failure as a stepping stone to success Jesuit School of Theology School of Law Centers of Distinction Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education Markkula Center for Applied Ethics Centers and Institutes » Visitors Santa Clara;invites friends, families, and community members to explore our campus, attend events, and take advantage of all we have to offer . Visitors Home Visitors Welcome to the Mission campus, home to California’s oldest operating university, located in the world’s most innovating region. Santa Clara University, located at the southern end of the San Francisco Bay in the heart of Silicon Valley, is a nationally recognized, academically challenging, and student-centered Jesuit, Catholic university. The beautiful mission-style campus, the strong connections with Silicon Valley's high-technology industry, and the Jesuit tradition of educating the entire person;has made Santa Clara one of the nation's most highly rated master's universities in the West. We invite;you to explore our campus and all the events and opportunities we have to offer. Enjoy your visit! ; Directions to Santa Clara University Best routes to take for a visit to SCU Directions President's Speakers Series Learn about SCU's special lecture series Who - When - Where SCU Presents Attend our dance, musical, and dramatic presentations! See a show Santa Clara has a rich tradition in the theatre, dance and musical arts. See upcoming events from SCU Presents Search the Ignatian Center site Search the full SCU site Who is my neighbor? Is Nature my Neighbor? Can we? Can we love our neighbor the environment as Pope Francis and Cardinal Turkson ;call us to do?;; Peter Turkson, Cardinal; Should We? Should we change the way we engage in the financial markets ;as a result of the environmental impact? John Denniston, St. Vincent de Paul District Council Will We? Will we;instill values of caring for the environment to the next generation? Community Gardening Washington Elementary Ignatian Center Home Ignatian Center Laudato Si' as a “Charter Document” for Santa Clara University From the moment it was issued last year, Laudato Si' has served as a sort of charter document for elevating and moving Santa Clara University forward across all disciplines in our commitment to climate justice. It continues to be a great unifying document for our University: offering a wisdom to us that this commitment must be truly inclusive of every unit at the University, in the same way that Pope Francis’ call for an integrated ecology speaks not just to those engaged in sustainability, but to each and every human inhabitant of our common home. More » Matthew Carnes, S.J. | Is There a Common Good? Ignatian Center A kickboxing class at SCU. The beautiful Sullivan Aquatic Center. Degheri;Tennis Courts. Bronco Kidz All Sports Camp - Girls' Flag Football. Men's Rugby. Previous Next News For more stories and events, visit our; blog . Global Fellows We are so excited that our own amazing Campus Rec Coordinator, Catherine, will be traveling to Ghana this summer through the schools Global Fellows Program! To read more about the Global Fellows Program and the students going, click here . Iron Bronco Event The event of the year is back... Iron Bronco!; Sign-ups begin April 11 and the actual event starts on Sunday, April 17 and goes through Sunday, May 1.;Turn in your completed mileage forms for the event by midnight on Sunday, May 1 to receive your t-shirt for completing the event. For questions or more information email campusrec @scu.edu . ; Updated Weight Room Apparel Policy The updated weight room policies, effective Saturday, March 19, can be found under facilities and policies .; The apparel policy has been updated to:; Apparel that covers the trunk is required. Shirt/top armholes cannot hang lower than where the chest meets the stomach or a heart rate monitor would sit.; Campus Recreation Camp Club Sports About Us Facilities Fitness Intramural Sports Memberships Services Iron Bronco Hours and Events Live Head Counts UPCOMING EVENTS Register for the 3 on 3 basketball tournament, The Kelly Classic; here . ; It is not too late to sign-up for the Iron Bronco! Forms are due and must be completed by Sunday, May 1 at Midnight! ; Malley Center Hours Monday - Thursday: 6:30am-midnight Friday: 6:30am-9pm Saturday: 10am-5pm Sunday: 10am-midnight ; Hours are subject to change with holidays and special events. CONTACT US Malley Center Front Desk:;408-554-4068 Departments and Programs - Academics - College of Arts and Sciences - Santa Clara University Skip to main content Santa Clara University Santa Clara University College of Arts and Sciences Search the Arts ; Sciences site Search the full SCU site About CAS Home College of Arts and Sciences About CAS The College of Arts and Sciences is the largest undergraduate academic unit at Santa Clara University. ;We provide a liberal arts education in the Jesuit tradition that prepares the whole person to succeed in our diverse and ever-changing world. 2014 Fellows featured in Santa Clara Magazine. Building safer houses in Ecuador. Research on capuchin monkeys in Costa Rica. Helping empower girls in The Gambia. And this is just the beginning for the Johnson Scholars Program. Student Opportunities for Research ; Below you will find links to various opportunities for Student Scholarship programs, travel funds and other University funded research sources for the undergraduate student community: ; Johnson Leadership Stipend 5 stipends awarded annualy, each stipend awards up to $7,500 Applications due March 18, 2016 ALZA Corporate Science Scholar Scholarship awards of $13,000 Applications due March 4, 2016 Clare Booth Luce Research Scholars Awarded to undergraduate women in natutal sciences and engineering, up to $10,000 Applications due March 4, 2016 Undergraduate Travel Awards Awards up to $1,000 Applications due March 4, 2016 Johnson Leadership Stipend ALZA Corporate Science Grant Clare Boothe Luce Scholars Undergraduate Travel Award Other Student Internal Funding Find more information on other opportunities for student funding below Provost Research Fellowship The Office of Fellowships awards two Provost Research Fellowships of up to $1,500 for qualified juniors with promising research agendas. These summer research fellowships are intended to provide opportunities for significant independent research for students planning to pursue graduate study and major nominated fellowships. Candidates must be nominated by a faculty member willing to work with them to develop the research project and application, and to serve as mentor during the Summer. For further information, please contact Leilani Miller , Director of the Office of Fellowships Undergraduate Studies or; find the Fellowship Guidelines here. Miller Center's Global Social Benefit Fellowship The Global Social Benefit Fellowship provides a comprehensive program of mentored, field-based study and research for undergraduate juniors within the GSBI worldwide network of social entrepreneurs. GSBF places juniors with social entrepreneurs during the summer prior to their senior year. If you are presently a junior, you are encouraged to apply. Click here for more information. Bannan Grant through the Ignatian Center Bannan Grants are designed to fund scholarly and pedagogical efforts by Santa Clara faculty, staff, and students which also further the mission of the Institute.; Click here for more information. Fellowships through the Markkula Center for Applied Ethics Hackworth Fellowships in Applied Ethics are for the duration of senior year and have a stipend of $4,000. Fellowship selections for the next school year are made by the end of the Spring Quarter. The goal of the Hackworth Fellowships is to have Fellows promote ethical reflection and reflective ethical action among their undergraduate peers. In order to pursue this goal, Fellows are expected either to develop their own programs in an area of interest to them or to work with existing programs at the center. These programs can be on as wide a range of topics and use as wide a range of methods as are of interest to each Fellow.; Click here for more information. ; Environmental Ethics Fellowships in Applied Ethics are also available to students. Click here for more information;on this opportunity.; Meningitis Case Information The; County of Santa Clara statement on Meningococcal infection ;confirmed two Santa Clara University Students.; A list of; frequently asked questions ;(FAQs) helps the SCU Community understand how the situation is being addressed.; Emergency Emergency Phone Numbers On- and off-campus contacts for physical and mental health emergencies, including local hospitals. ; Emergency Plan The plan outlines procedures for responding to and recovering from emergencies, and includes the emergency operations center checklist. ; Other Emergency Planning Information Emergency assembly points, evacuation maps, on-campus phones, and other important procedures for emergency situations ; Parent Emergency Preparation General information for parents and family members of current students, including a Q;A on personal safety at SCU. ; SCU Campus Alert This campus alert system enables the University to send time-sensitive notifications ONLY in case of a campus emergency—by phone, cell phone, text messaging, and e-mail simultaneously—to all members of the SCU community who have signed up for alerts. Students, faculty, and staff must enroll through ecampus. Arts ; Sciences Calendar - News ; Events - College of Arts and Sciences - Santa Clara University Skip to main content Santa Clara University Santa Clara University College of Arts and Sciences Edward James Olmos, Addressing the Latino Education Crisis Presented by the Latino Thought Makers Series The Foundation for Hispanic Education, Santa Clara University Graduate School of Education and Counseling Psychology, and SCU Presents of Santa Clara University bring you “Addressing the Latino Education Crisis”, hosted by speaker and writer Rick Najera as part of his Latino Thought Makers Speaker Series. Latino Education Summit: Silicon Valley at Santa Clara University Addressing the Latino Opportunity Gap Santa Clara, CA - The Foundation for Hispanic Education (TFHE) and Santa Clara University’s Graduate School of Education and Counseling Psychology (SCU GSECP), in partnership with several convening Silicon Valley school districts, present the Latino Education Summit. Santa Clara University Names Dean of the School of Education and Counseling Psychology Santa Clara University is pleased to announce that Dr. Sabrina Zirkel, Associate Dean of Education at Mills College, will be appointed Dean of Santa Clara’s School of Education and Counseling Psychology, effective June 1, 2016. Make a gift Thank you for supporting Santa Clara University's School of Education ; Counseling Psychology. Search the Arts ; Sciences site Search the full SCU site Center for the Arts and Humanities Home College of Arts and Sciences Initiatives Center for the Arts and Humanities The Center for the Arts and Humanities will help to build an academic foundation rich in creative explorations and experiential learning, founded in ethical integrity and social responsibility. The Center for the Arts and Humanities was created by the College of Arts and Sciences through a bequest from Victor B. and Julia Botto Vari, a gift from the Jesuit Community, and a gift from President Michael Engh, S.J. ;The Dean of the College of Arts and Sciences is also providing funding and support for the Center. Dean Atom Yee appointed an advisory council in Spring 2014 to meet and establish a vision and to brainstorm activities. Under the Leadership of Associate Dean Barb Fraser, the committee includes Michael Zampelli, Jill Gould, Jill Pellettieri, Larry Nelson, Blake Demaria, and Bob Senkewicz. U.S. Poet Laureate: Juan Felipe Herrera The Center for the Arts and Humanities welcomes Juan Felipe Herrera , 2015-2016 Poet Laureate of the United States. He is the first Latino/Mexican American to receive this honor. From his humble background as the son of Mexican immigrant parents who toiled as farm workers, Mr. Herrera 's poetry and performance art have carried the theme of human suffering and the themes of honor, dignity, and respect for all people. ; Wednesday, May 4 ;|; Tickets ; The Salon: Creativity from within The Salon —as distinct from a conference or an institute—will include a variety of artistic activities such as: film, theatre, sculpture, music, dance, painting, photography, poetry, storytelling, improvisation or play readings based on a selected theme. Accompanying the artistic events will be panel discussions and gatherings to share ideas over wine and appetizers. Search the Arts ; Sciences site Search the full SCU site Phi Beta Kappa Home College of Arts and Sciences Phi Beta Kappa The Phi Beta Kappa Society, the oldest and most prestigious academic honor society in the United States, was founded in 1776. It is named for the Greek initials of its motto, Philosophia Biou Kubernetes , which means “love of learning is the guide of life.” The Society celebrates outstanding academic achievement and breadth of study in the liberal arts and sciences. Fewer than 10 percent of American colleges and universities have Phi Beta Kappa chapters. And fewer than 10 percent of the arts and sciences graduates of these distinguished institutions are selected for membership in Phi Beta Kappa. The Pi of California chapter at Santa Clara University was established in 1977. Seniors initiated into the Pi of California must earn a cumulative grade point average of at least 3.7 while taking a challenging mix of courses in mathematics, the natural and social sciences, the humanities, and foreign language. SCU Logins Access your email, eCampus, Google Apps, library account, and more. Go! Camino Find your assignments, syllabi, and other course related info. Login Course Availability Search to find available seats remaining for scheduled classes. Check courses Pay Your Bills One Stop Explore Academics Find programs, undergraduate research opportunities, and degrees. See majors Off-campus Locations The Bay Area is filled with things to see and do! Explore the area Student Organizations There are a wide variety of ways to get involved on campus. Join or start a club Life After SCU Take advantage of our resources to help you prepare for your post-graduation life. Visit the Career Center Offices and Services - Santa Clara University Skip to main content Santa Clara University Jesuit School of Theology School of Law Centers of Distinction Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education Markkula Center for Applied Ethics Centers and Institutes » Global SCU Multicultural Center's annual Global Village Festival celebrates our diverse campus with food, activities, and performances. Global Home Global At Santa Clara, you’ll find a global perspective that knows no bounds. As an SCU student you'll experience a global education. SCU students learn from studying abroad ;and building relationships with local communities. SCU faculty pursue research abroad ;and are sought after global experts who consult with overseas companies, nonprofits and governments. Study or Research Abroad Opportunities to learn abroad are integrated into all majors and fields or study . SCU offers a range of programs abroad that enable you to pursue research-orientated internships or professional experiences, intensive language study, education with locals, and engage in the community abroad. You'll gain firsthand experience among diverse people and diverse cultures of the world. Our Global Campus SCU’s global reach begins on campus. Our large international population ;is a vital part of our community, which results in a campus that is worldly, culturally fluent, and diverse. We believe that our international students make SCU a more interesting place to study. Students from every corner of the world choose SCU for many of the same reasons U.S. students do: our Silicon Valley location , the high quality of our research and academics , and our Jesuit Catholic foundation . Broncos In The World Global Fellowship Program: Bright Generation, Ghana Majors from accounting to women’s studies, biology and engineering to chemistry and political science have participated in the Global Fellows Program. Our House A unique study abroad program in El Salvador turns 15: Casa de la Solidaridad. Cultural Immersions: It’s not until you’re there… Global Our Global Curriculum Study Abroad International Students Research ; Scholars Related Global Engagement Office Study Abroad Programs Ignatian Center Immersion Programs Admission for International Students International Student Support Visiting International Faculty Support SCU's Global Classroom Frank Barone Chair of the Engineering Management and Leadership Department explains how Santa Clara engineering is being taught on three continents ;through online courses. Graduate Program in Pastoral Ministries - Academics - College of Arts and Sciences - Santa Clara University Skip to main content Santa Clara University Santa Clara University College of Arts and Sciences Contact Us Donohoe Alumni House 500 El Camino Real Santa Clara, California 95053 Hours: M-F, 8 a.m. - 5 p.m. (408) 554-6800 (866) 554-6800 (Toll-free) (408) 554-2155 (Fax) The Office for Diversity and Inclusion fosters Santa Clara University's commitment to the education of the whole person in the Jesuit tradition through support for the recruitment, retention, and success of a diverse community of faculty, staff and students, and through collaborations with other offices to promote academic excellence through a diverse and inclusive campus climate. ; SCU hosts CDE 2016 SCU will serve as host to the Association of Jesuit Colleges and Universities (AJCU) Conference on Diversity and Equity (CDE) from June 19 - 22, 2016. Programs Proposals due March 1st. Registration is now open. Search the Arts ; Sciences site Search the full SCU site College Facts Home College of Arts and Sciences About CAS College Facts Dean Debbie Tahmassebi, Ph.D., professor of chemistry ; Enrollment 2013/14:;3,085 Undergraduate, 65 Graduate ; Student-Faculty Ratio 12 to 1 ; Faculty 2013/14: 276 Full-time, 130 Part-time ; Degrees Awarded 2013/14: 760 Bachelor's, 8 Master's ; Notable Collge of Arts and Sciences Alumni Andy Ackerman '78 - Television producer and director David C. Drummond '85 - Senior vice president of Corporate Development and chief legal officer, Google, Inc. Brenden Eich '83 - JavaScript creator Geoff Fox '62 - Founder and chairman, Fox Racing Khaled Hosseini '88 - Author, The Kite Runner , And the Mountains Echoed , and A Thousand Splendid Suns Francisco Jiménez '66 - Professor Emeritus of modern languages and literatures; 2002 U.S. Professor of the Year, CASE award; author Brent M. Jones '85 - Retired NFL football player Sharon Kugler '81 - First woman chaplain at Yale University Jack Lazar '87 - Chief financial officer, GoPro Zoe Lofgren '75 - Member of the U.S. House of Representatives, California's 19th district (Silicon Valley, San Jose, Morgan Hill, Gilroy) Noelle Lopez ' 09 - SCU's first female Rhodes Scholar Dee Dee Myers '83 - White House press secretary, 1993-94; political analyst and commentator; contributing editor, Vanity Fair; author, Why Women Should Rule the World Janet Napolitano '79 - President, University of California system; former U.S. Secretary of Homeland Security, Obama Administration; former governor of Arizona Steve Nash '96 - NBA basketball player; two-time MVP winner, 2005, 2006 Daniel Nava '05 - Professional baseball player, Boston Red Sox Gavin Newson '89 - Lieutenant governor, state of California; former mayor of San Francisco Leon Panetta '60, J.D. '63 - Former U.S. Secretary of Defense; former director of the CIA; former White House chief of staff, Clinton Administration; Congressman 1977-93 Kurt Rambis '80 - Assistant coach, N.Y. Knicks; Former head coach of Minnesota Timberwolves; analyst, ESPN Steve Sordello '92, MBA '01 - Chief financial officer, LinkedIn Contact us via email using the form below. Contact Us Faculty/Staff Directory Campus Map Address and Phone Santa Clara University 500 El Camino Real Santa Clara, CA 95053 USA 408-554-4000 (from outside the US dial 001-408-554-4000) Get Directions Campus Map Search the School of Engineering site Search the full SCU site ;; School of Engineering Home School of Engineering Engineering with a Mission. Whether it’s bringing solar-powered lights to classrooms in Ghana, treating post-traumatic stress disorder with virtual reality, delivering life-saving medicines to rural hospitals via drone, or designing houses that create more energy than they consume: most of the solutions that change the world come from engineers, and some of the best engineers in the world come from right here. Diversity in STEM Education Bioengineering senior Nnaoma Agwu shares his thoughts on diversity, convergent STEM education, and how the two support SCU's Jesuit mission. From Nigeria to SCU In celebration of Black History Month and National Engineers Week, Aldo Billingslea, SCU’s associate provost for diversity and inclusion, sat down for a chat with the School of Engineering’s first black professor, electrical engineering’s Tokunbo Ogunfunmi. Pass the Wrench, Please Bioengineering senior Mohit Nalavadi, a member of our student chapter of Engineers Without Borders, shares his experience of bringing labor-saving technology to a village in Rwanda in this account that first appeared on washingtonpost.com. This Hive is Buzzing with Innovation Entrepreneurs Shane Rogers M.S. ’13 and Brian Holm ’00 have launched 3 products (with the help of Bryan Herrera ’14): a wallet based on a binder clip, a smart hydration unit, and the fastest selling, fastest spinning jump rope around! School of Engineering Visit Us STEM 2020 Tiny House Competition Contact Us Santa Clara University School of Engineering 500 El Camino Real Santa Clara, CA 95053 Bannan Engineering, Bldg. 404 Guadalupe Hall, Bldg. 455 Research - Beyond the Classroom - College of Arts and Sciences - Santa Clara University Skip to main content Santa Clara University Santa Clara University College of Arts and Sciences Search the Arts ; Sciences site Search the full SCU site News ; Events Home College of Arts and Sciences News ; Events Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Stories Spotlight on Spotlight Santa Clara's own Blye Pagon Faust '97 was on campus for a hometown screening of Spotlight , the Academy Award-winning film for Best Original Screenplay and Best Picture that she co-produced. Osher Lifelong Learning Institute Big Year for Santa Clara ROTC Tom Eichenberg '76 on Family, Service, and ROTC Casey Clifford Finds Sweet Spot Merging Art and Science Casey Clifford Merges her two areas of study, environmental science and studio art, by working as an illustrator for North American Marine Environment Protection Association and for SCU Cultural Resource Management program. Operations Management ; Information Systems School of Law Jesuit School of Theology School of Education and Counseling Psychology Breaking News Home College of Arts and Sciences Environmental Studies ; Sciences News ; Events Breaking News ESS Junior Déjà Thomas has been awarded a national Udall Scholarship ESS Junior Déjà Thomas has been awarded a national Udall Scholarship The Udall Foundation recognizes college juniors for leadership, public service, and commitment to issues related to American Indian nations or to the environment ESS Junior Déjà Thomas has recently been awarded an Udall Scholarship ;and a Global Social Benefit Fellow with the Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship . As a junior with double majors in Environmental Studies and Communication and an Entrepreneurship minor her leadership experience, work in SLURP 195, and volunteering experience were recognized. As an Udall scholar, Déjà will attend the Scholar Orientation in Tucson, Arizona in August, where she will have opportunities to network and collaborate with other scholars. She will also combine her leadership and passion for the sustainable development as a Global Social Benefit Fellow for the Miller center. This summer Déjà will conduct research for seven weeks in Mpigi, Uganda on a social enterprise called Bana . Bana’s mission is to keep girls in school through the manufacturing of affordable and eco-friendly sanitary pads. April 20, 2016 homepage, Student story 176791 Environmental Studies ; Sciences Where will your journey lead you? Career Center The College of Arts and Sciences has over 25,000 living alumni working in all walks of life. Kevin Dyer '06, Mathematics ; Computer Science From SCU to Google by way of Africa, London and Oregon Search the Ethics site Search the full SCU site ; ; Markkula Center for Applied Ethics Home Markkula Center for Applied Ethics How do people and organizations inspire trust? They make choices based on justifiable standards. They take others into account in their decisions. And then they do what they say they will do. The Markkula Center for Applied Ethics helps people make the kind of choices that inspire trust. ;In our focus areas - bioethics, business ethics, campus ethics, character education, government ethics, Internet ethics, leadership ethics, and nonprofit ethics - we work with scholars and professionals to apply ethical ideas to the very real problems people encounter. We examine the obstacles to ethical action in many areas of our lives and develop tools to help people perform at their best. ; All About Ethics Blog BroncoHack 2016 A hackathon organized by SCU's OMIS Student Network The Markkula Center for Applied Ethics was proud to co-sponsor BroncoHack for the second year in a row! The Right to Be Forgotten, The Privilege to Be Remembered Do we want our obscurity? Do we want to be identified and remembered online? That depends: by whom, and for what purpose? What Gattaca Taught My Sixth Grader About Ethics Can you teach someone to be ethical? A new set of skills are needed in today’s increasingly complex world. More... ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;; Recent work in ethics Racial Inequality in the 21st Century Glenn Loury , Merton Stoltz Professor of the Social Sciences and professor of economics at Brown University, explored the issue of race in the criminal justice system during a recent visit to campus.; Listen to his talk. Developing Trust in the Media During a two-day design sprint, The Trust Project and the Society for News Design developed prototype tools that surface indicators of quality in journalism. Center News Hackworth Applications Open to SCU Juniors The goal of the Hackworth Fellows program is for Fellows to promote ethical reflection and reflective ethical action among their undergraduate peers More » Ethics Center Receives Record Donations Thanks to our generous donors on SCU's Day of Giving. Donations help support our programs and promote ethical decision making in all aspects of life. More » Can You Hack it? On April 16-17, the third annual BroncoHack hackathon will see as many as 200 students from a half-dozen area colleges and universities “code it out” over 24 hours to win prizes. Dean's Leadership Forum - Initiatives - College of Arts and Sciences - Santa Clara University Skip to main content Santa Clara University Santa Clara University College of Arts and Sciences Jesuit School of Theology School of Law Centers of Distinction Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education Markkula Center for Applied Ethics Centers and Institutes » Centers and Institutes Home Centers and Institutes Centers of Distinction Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education Markkula Center for Applied Ethics Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship ; Institutes OSHER Lifelong Learning Institute Leavey School of Business Certificate for Advanced Accounting Proficiency Executive Development Center Certified Equity Professional Institute Center for Innovation and Entrepreneurship My Own Business Institute Food and Agribusiness Institute Retail Management Institute School of Education and Counseling Psychology Academy of Blended Learning Center for Professional Development Excellence in Catholic Education and Leadership Jerry Smith Coaching for Life Academy School of Engineering Center for Nanostructures Frugal Innovation Lab Latimer Energy Laboratory ; Maker Lab Robotics Systems Lab ; School of Law Centers Center for Global Law and Policy Center for Social Justice and Public Service High Tech Law Institute Institute of;Sports Law and Ethics Clinics Entrepreneurs' Law Clinic International Human Rights Clinic Katharine ; George Alexander Community Law Center Jesuit School of Theology School of Law Centers of Distinction Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education Markkula Center for Applied Ethics Centers and Institutes » News ; Events Saving capitalism: Former U.S. Labor Secretary Robert Reich presented at SCU's President's Speaker Series ;on Mar. 8, discussing ways in which the U.S. economic system is unfair, and what students can do to change that. Photo by Joanne H. Lee . News ; Events Home News ; Events Our faculty, staff, and students make headlines every day, both on and off campus. If you have a tip for coverage of SCU in the news that we may have missed, please;contact the Media Relations team . Media Contacts Faculty Experts Press Releases Can You Hack It? BroncoHack competitors must combine business, technology and social justice. For 24 hours from April 16 to 17, students from all over the Bay Area will "code it out" in a hackathon that requires both tech and business savvy, and a social-justice solution. Bad Boys? SCU Law Class Tackles California's Bail System Students in Prof. David Ball's Criminal Law and Policy class are exploring whether California's bail system is stacked against poor defendants. Brandi Chastain '91 Making Headlines Santa Clara University graduate Brandi Chastain ‘91 in the running for U.S. National Soccer Hall of Fame Santa Clara University graduate Brandi Chastain ‘91 in the running for U.S. National Soccer Hall of Fame Recent Headlines Santa Clara University Announces Fourth Year in Top Tier of Fulbright Scholarship Wins Four Broncos are heading to the Czech Republic, Morocco, Ghana and Australia for Fulbright study or teaching. Santa Clara University Mourns the Loss of Jim Reites, S.J. SCU President Michael Engh, S.J., shared news of the unexpected loss of a beloved colleague “All In” Goes All Out: Santa Clara University's Day of Giving Smashes Records One day + $3.5 million in gifts + 4,560 donors = a world of transformative opportunities unlocked. Rev. Donald Cozzens, Author and Popular Commentator on Catholic Issues, to Speak at Jesuit School of Theology Commencement on May 21 Popular writer and commentator, known for diving into sometimes divisive Catholic cultural and religious issues, will speak to JST-SCU graduating class. Esteemed Jurists Mariano-Florentino Cuéllar and Lucy Koh to Serve as Santa Clara Law Commencement Speakers May 21 Judges at the forefront of California and national tech, immigration and criminal law speaking to SCU Law Class of 2016 From Refugee to CEO: Leader of Catholic Relief Services to Address Santa Clara University Commencement June 11 The leader of a relief organization at the forefront of responding to some of the world's most urgent crises will speak to the Class of 2016 Beyond the Classroom - College of Arts and Sciences - Santa Clara University Skip to main content Santa Clara University Santa Clara University College of Arts and Sciences Operations Management ; Information Systems School of Law Jesuit School of Theology School of Education and Counseling Psychology Breaking News Home College of Arts and Sciences Environmental Studies ; Sciences News ; Events Breaking News ESS senior Sean Reilly wins prestigious Fulbright scholarship ESS senior Sean Reilly wins prestigious Fulbright scholarship Sean will be going to Australia to study the management and distribution of pond apple, a resource for Aborigines people, as well as a powerful bio-invader Congratulations to ESS senior Sean Reilly, who recently was awarded a year-long Fulbright scholarship. The Fulbright program offers teaching and research awards in over 125 countries ( http://www.cies.org/ ) and recognizes exceptional scholars. Sean will be studying the management of pond apple. As both a formidable bioinvader and resource for the Aborigines of Queensland, Australia, Annona glabra (pond apple) presents a challenge to the rangers managing the traditional lands of the Mandingalbay Yidinji people. Sean’s study seeks to resolve this conflict by mapping the current pond apple distribution, monitoring ecosystem recovery following its removal, and developing management options that address both the invaders’ resource and invasion potentials. Sean will spend the majority of his time collecting field data about the pond apple and compiling this information into a report detailing ecosystem recovery following removal and identifying areas at-risk for future invasions. The remainder of my time will be used to develop management plans that address the rangers’ needs while satisfying the elders’ resource concerns. Sean is a graduating senior who has been doing research with ESS faculty member Hari Mix, chaired the Green Club, contributed to the organization of a conference on Laudato Si. Sean also has already studied abroad in Australia with the School For Fieldstudies (SFS) and won a student research award for his work. April 20, 2016 homepage, Homepage 176776 Environmental Studies ; Sciences Search the Jesuit School of Theology site Search the full SCU site Living Theology. Transforming our World. Jesuit School of Theology Home Jesuit School of Theology The Jesuit School of Theology of Santa Clara University, located in Berkeley, California, is an international center for the study of theology. Students come to JST from across the nation and around the world to prepare for a broad range of ministries and service to the church and world. The Jesuit Mission The JST Spiritual Community Preparation for Every Spiritual Path in Life The Ignatian tradition of spirituality and discernment permeates every aspect of JST. With an abundance of opportunities to exercise and reflect on real-world pastoral applications, students practice what they learn in class. Each student may participate in daily liturgy, regular spiritual direction, retreats, many offerings in Ignatian spirituality, and other opportunities for spiritual growth. Faithful to the Catholic tradition, world-class faculty teach students to think critically about theology and how to live a faith that does justice in service of the Church and the world. Life Path: Education ; Teaching ; JST Degrees: MTS MDiv MA Career ; Life Paths: Doctoral Studies Teaching Religious Education Directors Life Path: Catholic Ministry ; JST Degrees: MTS MDiv Career ; Life Paths: Parish and Diocesan Ministry Chaplaincy Campus Ministry Retreat and Spirituality Leadership Life Path: Faith-Based ; Non-Profit Administration Search the Arts ; Sciences site Search the full SCU site Student Stories Home College of Arts and Sciences Student Stories Computer Science and Mathematics Major to attend Budapest Summer Program in Mathematics ESS Junior Déjà Thomas has been awarded a national Udall Scholarship Elena Radding '18 selected for Panetta Institute Internship Casey Clifford Finds Sweet Spot Merging Art and Science Casey Clifford Merges her two areas of study, environmental science and studio art, by working as an illustrator for North American Marine Environment Protection Association and for SCU Cultural Resource Management program. Judy Ngo: The Making of a Theatre Teacher Judy Ngo plans to take her ten years of vocal training, as well as her singing, acting and dance experience, and combine it with her passion for arts advocacy and youth to become a teaching artist. Her goal is clear—to spend her days creating community among young people while sharing stories worth telling. When Studies in English, Spanish, and Study Abroad Combine to Inspire a Future Teacher Natalie Grazian's experiences abroad, combined with her work and studies at Santa Clara will ensure that her future students have a role model who knows firsthand the benefits of experiential learning and becoming a global citizen. Ameera Naguib: Political Science and Middle Eastern Studies Inspire a Calling to Serve Refugees Although she was born and raised in San Jose, Ameera Naguib traces her emerging academic interests to her frequent travels to visit family in Egypt. This led her to study Arabic and Middle Eastern politics, study abroad in Jordan, intern at an NGO consulting company to aid urban refugee girls, and much more. Teaching in Bali Julia Tawney, Anthropology and ESS double major Shelby Crespi '16 Public Health Science Major and Biology Minor College of Arts and Sciences Give to CAS - About CAS - College of Arts and Sciences - Santa Clara University Skip to main content Santa Clara University Santa Clara University College of Arts and Sciences Faculty - College of Arts and Sciences - Santa Clara University Skip to main content Santa Clara University Santa Clara University College of Arts and Sciences Jesuit School of Theology School of Law Centers of Distinction Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education Markkula Center for Applied Ethics Centers and Institutes » Technology at SCU Technology at SCU Home Technology at SCU Information Services provides a wide range of resources, services, and support for the university community in their use of technology. Staff in Academic Technology, the Information Security Office, Information Technology, and the University Library are here to support use of technology for teaching, learning, scholarship, and University operations. ; ; Computing Support AV/Media Support Technology Training Teaching Resources SCU Login page ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; Gmail eCampus Google Apps Camino (Canvas) Logins / Accounts Email Distribution Lists Print / File Sharing Campus Network Registering a Device Campus Wireless Mobile Devices VPN Phones LC Technology Spaces Software Hardware Personal and Student Discounts Campus Cable TV Web Resources ZOOM Web Conferencing Digital Signage Classroom Technology Classroom Capture Video Streaming ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;; Quick Start - Students Quick Start Faculty and Staff Information Security Policies and Procedures We have a new login system! Follow the steps here ;to get started with My SCU.; Use your SCU network ID (e.g. jdoe) to login;and access Google Apps, Camino, e-Portfolio, and OrgSync.; For more information and resources, visit Single Sign-On Updates ;and My SCU FAQs . Login Google Apps eCampus Camino Coming Soon These apps aren't accessible through My SCU yet, but they will be soon! Click on the links below to login to the app.; eCampus My Library Account ePortfolio - Digication Jesuit School of Theology School of Law Centers of Distinction Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education Markkula Center for Applied Ethics Centers and Institutes » Academics Cross-disciplinary approaches help balance the sciences with the humanities. Academics Home Academics Every student at SCU has the potential to do something extraordinary. A Santa Clara education gives you more than a degree—it transforms the way you see the world and your place in it. Grounded in ethics and social justice, it empowers you to help find solutions to global problems and effect change in your own community. You'll take classes from professors ;who are as dedicated to teaching as they are to their own research and scholarship . You'll learn from;experience;through community-based coursework , internships , and independent;research , all while being immersed in the innovation, energy, and opportunity of Silicon Valley. We offer more than 50 majors, minors, and special programs for law, medicine, and teaching. Our graduate programs ;span business, engineering, education, counseling psychology, law, theology, and pastoral ministries. Undergraduate Graduate Taste for Yourself Taste for yourself what flavors Cuban food on the island. Listen to stories from the street. Walk the rows of a farm. You might learn a few things that textbooks and statistics and crafted political messages don't reveal. Walk Across California An epic journey whereby one foot is put in front of the other to discover, up close and personal, who and what and where is the Golden State. Spotlight on Spotlight Santa Clara's own Blye Pagon Faust '97 was on campus for a hometown screening of Spotlight , the Academy Award-winning film for Best Original Screenplay and Best Picture that she co-produced. Communication students and special guests were given the additional treat of Faust’s introduction of the film and a Q ; A session with her after the viewing, which was hosted by Knight-Ridder/San Jose Mercury News Endowed Professor of Communication, Michael Whalen. Some guests even had the once-in-a-lifetime experience of posing for a photo with Oscar himself (For the record, despite the clichéd remarks about his weight, he really is heavier than one would expect!). When San Jose Mercury News reporter Scott Herhold interviewed Faust ;at the event, asking about the impact of her Santa Clara education on her career, she talked about her English classes, especially those with professor Diane Dreher. "I felt I knew how to write, how to synthesize ideas, and that was huge," she said of her education. "In terms of the Jesuit influence, and good moral compass, that's pervasive here. When you go out into the world, it's hard not to take that into account." And take her moral compass out into the world is precisely what she did. Faust’s pull toward social justice and the power of investigative reporting led her to tackle the Spotlight film project, which follows the Boston Globe’s Spotlight team, the oldest continuously operating newspaper investigative journalist unit in the United States, and its investigation into cases of child sex abuse in the Boston area by numerous Roman Catholic priests. The film is based on a series of stories published by the reporters of the Spotlight team that earned The Globe the 2003 Pulitzer Prize for Public Service. Faust worked for seven years to get the;film made, exemplifying a deep commitment to the role of journalism in our society to uncover wrongdoing and uphold the central role of a free and aggressive;press in our democracy. Her tenacity in making this film has given her the opportunity to join the board for The Center for Investigative Reporting. "Joining CIR’s board ;represents my own commitment to pursuing the truth and;ensuring that journalism;in the public interest continues to thrive," Faust said upon announcing her affiliation with the organization. Faust’s passion for justice is just part of what makes her a model Bronco. The rest is evident in her willingness to come "home" to Santa Clara to share in the celebration of her Oscar win and in her active involvement in joining other alumni each year in Los Angeles to meet with current SCU students who are interested in entertainment careers. April 7, 2016 173854 News ; Events Santa Clara University Announces Fourth Year in Top Tier of Fulbright Scholarship Wins Fulbright Winner Sean Reilly atop East Sierra mountain Santa Clara University Announces Fourth Year in Top Tier of Fulbright Scholarship Wins Three students and an alumna have won elite Fulbright scholarships, putting SCU on track for a 4th "Top Producer" status SANTA CLARA, Calif., April 21, 2016—For the fourth year in a row, Santa Clara University has produced an elite level of Fulbright Students — a feat achieved by fewer than 5 percent of similar Universities nationwide. Three Santa Clara University seniors and one 2015 alumna have been offered Fulbright scholarship grants to study or teach abroad during the 2016–17 academic year. With this year’s announcement, SCU is on track to earn its fourth designation as a Fulbright “Top Producer” of elite scholarship winners. The; Chronicle of Higher Education wrote about last year’s Fulbright Top Producers, including SCU. “I extend my warmest congratulations to Santa Clara University’s outstanding Fulbright Students,” said University President Michael Engh, S.J.; “Their accomplishments are all directed to making the global community a better place.; I also applaud their faculty and mentors who played such important roles in their education; as ‘men and women for others’ in the tradition of SCU’s Jesuit ideals.” The students will travel to the Czech Republic, Morocco, Ghana, and Australia for projects ranging from teaching English to conducting research on social entrepreneurship, health-program enrollment issues, and invasive plants. “Santa Clara University is extremely proud of the array of students who are applying for and winning Fulbright Scholarships,” said Leilani Miller, director of the University Honors Program. “These Fulbright awards, as well as our Schwarzman and Udall awards earlier this year, are a tribute to these students’ academic achievements, as well as to the rigor, enthusiasm, and creativity with which each student embraced amazing opportunities they were offered at SCU – from global social entrepreneurship research to advanced ecological studies to issues in global health.” The SCU Fulbright winners for the 2015–16 academic year are: ; ; Lindsey Allen , a senior political science major with minors in communication and Arabic, Islamic, and Middle Eastern Studies.. She will travel to Morocco to create a typology for social entrepreneurship as an economic growth strategy and as a way to develop “human capital” for social change. The ultimate goal is to overcome gaps in understanding between Moroccan entrepreneurs, policymakers, and academia. At SCU Allen, 21 years old from Oak Park, Illinois, went to Tanzania and Uganda as a Global Social Benefit Fellow, which she describes as a transformative experience. She also was part of Model United Nations and studied abroad in Morocco, where she conducted field research that won first place in SCU’s Study Abroad Undergraduate Research Award program. As a senior, she won the Amos Dana Award for Distinction in Public Service from the Department of Political Science. ; Clara Cushing , a senior classics and English double major, will be an English teaching assistant in the Czech Republic. Cushing, a 21-year-old from Monterey, has three years of experience as an ESL tutor, using American literature as a way to help her students understand American culture of the past and present. She chose the Czech Republic as a way to gain a new perspective on Europe and to reconnect with her family history, as the descendant of emigres. At SCU, she studied abroad in Rome and has worked in the University's writing resource center since Fall 2013. A former member of SCU’s swim club, Cushing has been vice president of the Classical Honors Society and received the University’s Presidential Award and the Nina Leibman Essay Award. ; Senior Sean Reilly , an environmental and biology major, will travel to Queensland, Australia to track and study efforts to remove “pond apple,” an invasive fruit tree that spreads aggressively outside its native range and can smother native species. He will be working with Mandingalbay Yidinji Aborigines and Djunbunji rangers. Reilly, a 22-year-old San Jose native, is president of SCU’s Grass Roots Environmental Efforts Now (GREEN) Club, and an avid rock climber who has conducted research with Environmental Studies and Sciences professor Hari Mix, on the dynamics of “atmospheric river” storms. His work in 2014, studying the impact of indigenous tourism with the School for Field Studies (SFS) Center for Rainforest Studies, won one of six nationwide SFS Distinguished Student Researcher awards for 2014. Reilly; was chosen for the 2015 Student Sustainability Champion Award from the Center for Sustainability. He has been recognized on the dean’s list and by multiple honor societies. ; Alumna Stephanie Goodman , ’15, was a public health science and political science double major. A native of Kirkland, Washington, she will go to Ghana to evaluate the effect of enrollment in Ghana’s National Health Insurance Scheme on trauma-related mortality, and examine impediments to enrollment. While at SCU Goodman was a campus EMT, and worked as a research assistant to political science professor Naomi Levy through the grant-funded Minerva Initiative, focused on the process of establishing peace after a national conflict. She spent a summer as a Global Fellow in Ghana, which inspired her Fulbright project. She spent a semester at American University, studying peace and conflict resolution, including a trip to Bosnia and Jordan to observe the effects of international participation in establishing peace. An additional student was also chosen as a Fulbright alternate, meaning he will be able to pursue his scholarship if others cannot accept: Joseph Alexander-Short, a 2014 religious studies major and international studies, communication, and political science minor, applied with a project in El Salvador working with youth and film. ; About the Fulbright Program The Fulbright Program is the flagship international educational exchange program sponsored by the U.S. government and is designed to increase mutual understanding between the people of the United States and the people of other countries. The primary source of funding for the Fulbright Program is an annual appropriation made by the U.S. Congress to the U.S. Department of State, Bureau of Educational and Cultural Affairs. Participating governments and host institutions, corporations, and foundations in foreign countries and in the United States also provide direct and indirect support. Recipients of Fulbright grants are selected on the basis of academic or professional achievement, as well as demonstrated leadership potential in their fields. The program operates in more than 155 countries worldwide. For further information please visit http://eca.state.gov/fulbright . About Santa Clara University Santa Clara University, a comprehensive Jesuit, Catholic university located 40 miles south of San Francisco in California’s Silicon Valley, offers its more than 9,000 students rigorous undergraduate curricula in arts and sciences, business, and engineering; master’s degrees in business, education, counseling psychology, pastoral ministry, and theology; and law degrees and engineering Ph.D.s. Distinguished nationally by one of the highest graduation rates among all U.S. master’s universities, California’s oldest operating higher-education institution demonstrates faith-inspired values of ethics and social justice. For more information, see www.scu.edu . Media Contact Deborah Lohse | Media Relations | dlohse@scu.edu | 408-554-5121 ; April 25, 2016 Recent Headlines CLIMBING EVER HIGHER: Avid rock climber and SCU scholar Sean Reilly is one of four Broncos chosen as Fulbright Students for the 2016-17 year.; Photo from Hari Mix, Academics - College of Arts and Sciences - Santa Clara University Skip to main content Santa Clara University Santa Clara University College of Arts and Sciences SCU Ranks High on ROI Report SCU Ranks High on ROI Report SCU in the top ten percent of colleges for return on investment Santa Clara University ranks as one of the best-returning college investments in the country, according to a new survey by PayScale, Inc., a compensation-data company based in Seattle, WA. Ranked in the top ten percent, Santa Clara University placed 60 th out of the 962 schools that were included in the PayScale College ROI list. Of the schools included in the overall PayScale College ROI list, there were 442 public, 505 private not-for-profit, and 15 private for-profit schools. The survey ranked schools by their “20 Year Return on Investment,” meaning the additional salary over 20 years that a graduating student would earn above that of a high-school graduate, after subtracting the cost of four years of education. "The time and energy I put in to my education at Santa Clara University paid off;tenfold.;I was able to learn from some of the best and brightest professors that cared about my educational experience," said Michael M. Shea, Jr. ’83, J.D. ’86. "The Jesuit values that I gained at SCU, especially service to others, still guide my life and help me strive to do more in my career as a lawyer.;The ability to right a wrong and command that justice be served is an incredible feeling of accomplishment. I do believe that much of my success is thanks to SCU." According to the report, Santa Clara University graduates were calculated as having a 20-year net ROI of $609,000. SCU graduates reported an average salary of $59,800 in their early career and a mid-career salary of $117,000. These numbers were higher than those reported by graduates from Northwestern, Notre Dame, Duke, and Georgetown to name a few. The report concluded that the highest salaries among SCU alumni are earned by Senior Software Engineers, who earn a median salary of around $131,000 per year. The next highest salaries were reported by Account Executives ($89,000) and Sales Engineers ($86,000). ; The full report, survey, and methodology can be found at http://www.payscale.com/college-roi April 20, 2016 Alumni, Awards, Education, Jobs, News, Press Release 177281 News ; Events Office of the Dean - About CAS - College of Arts and Sciences - Santa Clara University Skip to main content Santa Clara University Santa Clara University College of Arts and Sciences Jesuit School of Theology School of Law Centers of Distinction Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education Markkula Center for Applied Ethics Centers and Institutes » Athletics It doesn't matter if it's club sports or Division I;athletics, at SCU it's game on! Athletics Home Athletics Find your favorite team at Santa Clara University Santa Clara competes in 20;Division I sports ;and 17 club sports . More than 4,500 students participate in intramurals ;every year. If you want to play, there’s a team for you at Santa Clara University. ; BASEBALL Eric Lex '18 A first-year student-athlete reflects on how he balances being a member of the Broncos starting rotation with his school work. Santa Clara Athletics Santa Clara's Division I teams have a history of excellence in the West Coast Conference and on the national stage. Our student-athletes have gone on to become All-Americans, Olympians, and World Cup champions. ; Campus Recreation SCU fields numerous competitive club teams and has premiere athletic and recreational facilities, which host many intramural and fitness programs. ; Ruff Riders Join the largest student organization on campus, boasting nearly 4,000 students. As a member of the official student booster club of Santa Clara Athletics, the Ruff Riders ;make their presence known at all Bronco athletic games, creating a home field advantage that visiting teams don't stand a chance against. A one-time membership fee ;allows free admission to all SCU regular season home athletic events for your entire academic career. Once a Ruff Rider, always a Ruff Rider!. ; Bronco Bench Foundation Since 1962, members of the Bronco Bench Foundation have supported thousands of student-athletes by providing financial support, giving Santa Clara Athletics a competitive advantage on the playing field. You were part of our legacy, be part of our future: Support Bronco student-athletes today Recent Tenure and Promotions - Faculty - College of Arts and Sciences - Santa Clara University Skip to main content Santa Clara University Santa Clara University College of Arts and Sciences Santa Clara University's Core Curriculum provides a humanistic education that leads toward an informed, ethical engagement with the world. Because a liberal education in the Jesuit tradition is oriented toward particular ends, the Core Curriculum affirms a set of central learning goals. These goals are divided among three;broad categories—Knowledge, Habits of Mind and Heart, and Engagement with the;World. Knowledge To be prepared for well-informed engagement in society, students must comprehend the forces that have shaped the world they have inherited and the ways the world is interpreted and understood. They must also understand how they might transform the world for the better. The Core Curriculum deepens students' knowledge of the ideas and ways of knowing that emerge from the arts, humanities, and natural and social sciences. Habits of Mind and Heart To contribute to a rapidly changing, complex, and interdependent world, students must develop ways of thinking, feeling, and acting that allow them to educate themselves for the rest of their lives with passion and purpose. By attending to the cognitive and affective dimensions of human experience, the Core Curriculum enables students to think more deeply, imagine more freely, and communicate more clearly. Engagement with the World To engage with the world in meaningful ways, students need opportunities to explore and refine self-knowledge in relation to others. The Core Curriculum enhances students' understanding of the integrity of their own lives and the dignity inherent in the lives of others, especially the impoverished, suffering, and marginalized. The Structure of the Core Curriculum The Core consists of three phases of academic work: Foundations, Explorations, and Integrations. The first two phases are designed to deepen knowledge, habits of mind and heart, and experiences engaging with the world. The third phase, Integrations, is designed to help students reflect more deeply on connections among courses in the Core, and between the Core and their major. The table below provides a visual representation of this structure and the corresponding course requirements within each phase. Within the three phases of the Core Curriculum are eighteen narrower, subcategories. Each subcategory has its own overarching goals and specific learning objectives . For more detail and information, students and faculty can review the current Core Curriculum Guide . Foundations All students begin the Foundations component with a Critical Thinking ; Writing sequence during their first year, and most also complete a Cultures ; Ideas sequence in the first year. At least one of these sequences is linked with the student’s Residential Learning Community. Both Foundations sequences are carefully designed and selected for first-year students on the basis of student interest and requirements for majors when students have declared a major. These sequences introduce students to university learning in the context of complex, multidimensional topics and a rigorous intellectual environment in and outside the classroom. They provide students with opportunities to study diverse as well as shared human experience across historical periods and emphasize the relationships among global cultures, including cultures in Europe and North America. The other Foundations courses, Math, Second Language, and the first course in the Religion, Theology ; Culture sequence, emphasize the knowledge and skills central to liberal education. Small classes create opportunities for mentoring relationships with professors, build communities among students, and promote intentional, reflective learning. All of the Foundations courses provide a shared intellectual foundation, challenging students to sharpen the reflective and analytic skills they will use throughout their studies and in whatever personal and career paths they choose. Explorations Explorations courses, taken throughout the four years of study, build on the Foundations component of the Core and foster the breadth of knowledge, habits of mind and heart, and values needed for contemporary life. This component of the Core includes courses on ethics, arts, diversity, natural and social sciences, civic engagement, global cultures, religion, and the interrelationship of science, technology, and society. In these courses students also explore the range of majors available and connections between the major and other areas of learning. By engaging in the learning offered in these courses, students prepare themselves for civic dialogue in an increasingly global and technological world and challenge themselves and others to ask how to transform the world for the better. Integrations Integrations courses reemphasize engaged learning, critical thinking, civic life, communication, and intentional learning. They help students discover and explore additional connections among courses in the Core or major and are most often components embedded in other Core courses and courses required for majors. For example, students will encounter Experiential Learning for Social Justice through study abroad, community- based learning in a course for the major or another Core course, and immersion experiences. Advanced Writing classes are often discipline-specific courses that give students the opportunity to gain further mastery over crucial learning objectives and to build on their knowledge about the rhetorical situations of major disciplines. Pathways provide students an additional opportunity to make intentional and reflective choices about their own education as they study a theme or topic from a number of disciplinary perspectives and identify connections and relationships among ideas. The Bronco Corner Bookstore is located in the Benson Memorial Center;and is your one stop shop for;textbooks, school supplies, logowear, gifts, supplies for your residence hall room, and more. ; Search the Arts ; Sciences site Search the full SCU site Vari Italian Studies Initiative Home College of Arts and Sciences Initiatives Vari Italian Studies Initiative The Dr. Victor and Julia Botto Vari Italian Studies Initiative at Santa Clara University is fully endowed by Dr. and Mrs. Vari, will bring together scholars, teachers, students, and the general public who have an interest in Italian language and culture in a diverse and interdisciplinary academic community with University, regional, and global objectives. The Initiative will employ a number of strategies in an effort to engage our students and the greater community in dialogue and study including, but not limited to: public lectures; symposia and workshops; online learning and social media; theatre, music, and art; engagement with a residential learning community; and Study Abroad. The Vari Italian Studies Initiative will shape all its activities to teach the knowledge, culture, and habits of mind necessary for the serious reflection that is part of our Western cultural and intellectual heritage from Italy, the “cradle of Western civilization.” Established by Victor and Julia Vari to study and preserve all aspects of the life and culture of Italy: language, literature, art, religion, history, economics, and politics, and to celebrate and provide a foundation for the understanding of the contributions of Italians and Italian Americans in the history of the world and America Initiatives Dean's Leadership Forum Center for the Arts and Humanities DeNardo Lectureship in the Health Sciences Santa Clara’s social media channels provide a real-time view of the life here. Follow, like, comment… we look forward to connecting with you! Facebook SCU Facebook Alumni Association Undergraduate Admissions SCU Career Center SCU Learning Commons SCU Campus Recreation SCU Ethics Department Human Resources Santa Clara Magazine Center for Sustainability Center for Science, Technology, and Society School of Engineering Campus Safety Services Leavey School of Business LSB Facebook Center for Innovation ; Entrepreneurship Neighborhood Prosperity Initiative Retail Management Institute LSB Alumni Group LSB MSIS Group Food ; Agribusiness Institute Facebook Executive Development Center Certificate for Advanced Accounting Proficiency (CAAP) Certified Equity Professionals Institute (CEPI) My Own Business Institute (MOBI) Santa Clara Law Santa Clara Law Santa Clara Law Alumni SCU Ethics Department School of Education and Counseling Psychology ECP Official Facebook Jesuit School of Theology JST Facebook Twitter SCU News Santa Clara University SCU Alumni Association SCU Events Santa Clara Engineering Santa Clara Law Santa Clara Magazine Leavey School of Business LSB Graduate Business Campus Ministry Center for Sustainability Center for Science, Technology, and Society Campus Safety Services Jesuit School of Theology SCU Information Technology Linkedin Get Linkedin! Find professional profiles of classmates, faculty and staff. SCU University and Alumni Association ; Leavey School of Business Leavey School of Business LSB Alumni Group Center for Innovation ; Entrepreneurship Group Santa Clara Engineering SCU Engineering Santa Clara Law Santa Clara Law Alumni Career Center SCU Jobs and Career Networks Bucky Bronco Jesuit School of Theology JST Linkedin Youtube Leavey School of Business SCU Video Santa Clara Law Videos Center for Science, Technology, and Society Videos Jesuit School of Theology SCUAlumni Flickr Check out the SCU Flickr page;where you can view photos of;campus, events, and activities. Official SCU Flickr SCU's Food and Agribusiness Institute SCU's Alumni Association Leavey School of Business Center for Innovation ; Entrepreneurship Center for Science, Technology, and Society Jesuit School of Theology School of Law Centers of Distinction Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education Markkula Center for Applied Ethics Centers and Institutes » Scholarships In Support of Talent Can We? We can inspire others to make a difference and become part of something bigger ;than ourselves. Drew Descourouez ’19, Johnson Scholar Should We? It’s our responsibility to look for new ways to collaborate , foster civic engagement, and address environmental challenges. Déjà Thomas ’17, Udall Scholar Will We? With our help, entrepreneurs in developing economies ;can drive long-term positive social change. Lindsey Allen ’16, Fulbright Scholar Future Leaders: Rachel Goldstein ’19 , Cooper Scherr ’19 , Dylan DeTray ’18 , Hannah Warnecke ’18 , and Brynn Sargent ’17 take a break from a; Johnson Scholars program ;workshop to enjoy the beach.;The program recognizes, rewards, and challenges exceptionally well-qualified students to explore their potential and develop deep leadership skills.; Photo by;Joanne Lee Top Stories SCU Ranks High on ROI Report Santa Clara University ranks in the top ten percent of PayScale College ROI rankings ‘One of the Nation’s Greatest Women’ Nancy C. Unger reassesses Belle La Follette, an extraordinary advocate and leader in the Progressive Era. “All In” Goes All Out More than $3.5 million was raised by 4,560 donors in a crushing show of Bronco pride on SCU’s annual Day of Giving. Touch-and-Go to Triumphant Return Timing and good instincts carried the day for Bradley Sheffield and two other students who battled an outbreak of meningitis. Grace in a Competitive World Carolyn Woo, president and CEO of Catholic Relief Services, has been announced as the 2016 commencement speaker. Santa Clara Magazine spoke to her about the difference her organization makes in the world. Jesuit School of Theology School of Law Centers of Distinction Miller Center for Social Entrepreneurship Ignatian Center for Jesuit Education Markkula Center for Applied Ethics Centers and Institutes » Campus Life Whether you're an artist or an engineer, join us;and find new ways to expand your horizons. Campus Life Home Campus Life Santa Clara offers;hundreds of opportunities to pursue your interests and encounter new perspectives. Whether you are a Division I athlete ;or a Frisbee enthusiast , an urban farmer ;or a singer , or an idealist who wants to change the world, you’ll find your place at SCU. So Many Options.... It’s all about Bronco Spirit It’s all about Bronco Spirit Get all the facts about living on campus . SCU offers fitness classes throughout the day, seven days a week Art, music, dance, theatre— right here There are more than 150 organizations for students Seven on-campus dining options include The Marketplace and a food truck There are many opportunities for you to take time for the spiritual , no matter your faith or beliefs Need extra money or experience? There are opportunities to find jobs on campus Get Involved Join a Club Arts and Culture Our commitment to the arts is evidenced by a thriving performing arts facility and an accredited museum of art and history.; We are here to help develop and support your spirituality during college. As you search for communities where you fit in, we strive to help you find ways to BELONG. As you begin your adult life, we want you to articulate in ever deepening ways what you BELIEVE. When you look towards your future and think about who you want to BECOME, we want to be there to support you to your next step. This week in Campus Ministry For the first time, we will be hosting the "All Are Welcome" Mass at our regular 6 pm liturgy on May 1, a mass that offers a heightened invitation to LGBTQ+ Catholics. This week we'll continue our Interfaith Dinner Discussions--food and conversations with people from religiously diverse backgrounds about many things that matter and some things that don't. The SCU Day of Service is also coming up this Saturday. Be sure to sign up to help out. Read about all of this week's events MASS ; CONFESSION;SCHEDULE Masses: Sunday:;10am | 6pm* | 9pm* Mon - Fri:;12:05pm Saturday: No Masses Reconciliation*: Mondays from 11:30am to 12pm Sundays from 8pm to 8:45pm *Sunday Evening Masses and Reconciliation are sometimes suspended during University breaks (i.e. Spring Break) and certain holidays.; Check the Mass Schedule Updates often for changes to our regular mass and reconciliation schedule. ; ; UPDATES ; ANNOUNCEMENTS: 1.;Sunday - May 29: No 6pm Mass 2. Monday - May 30: No Noon Mass or Confessions due to Memorial Day Holiday Timing and good instincts carried the day for Bradley Sheffield and two other students who battled an outbreak of meningitis. Tracy Siebel The following article was written for and first ran on the San Jose Mercury News . VACCINES FOR STUDENTS Santa Clara University is sponsoring three more vaccination clinics for students to receive the second dose of the meningitis B vaccine on Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday. University and public health officials strongly recommend that all students receive both doses of the vaccine to have the highest level of protection against serogroup B meningococcal disease. Students can now sign up for their appointments at www.scu.edu/cowell . It started one afternoon with cold sweats. But by the early evening, Bradley Sheffield was vomiting into his dorm room trash can—and could not stop. His neck hurt. He couldn’t think straight. He’d get up and then fall down. His roommate urged Sheffield to let him call campus security to get help, but Sheffield told him not to worry. “I thought I had a bad flu—and that the only thing I needed was sleep and time,” he recalled. And so began a weeklong crisis at Santa Clara University that resulted from a meningitis outbreak that hospitalized Sheffield and another SCU student. Thousands of fellow students then waited in line to receive emergency vaccinations, leaving parents confused and frustrated because they thought their children were already protected from the disease. For the first time since the outbreak began in late January, Sheffield, his parents and his doctors agreed this past week to speak publicly about the terrifying ordeal. They said it was a battle that was touch-and-go for at least 72 hours, until the intravenous antibiotics pumped into his body finally gained the upper hand, allowing Sheffield—who spent three days in an induced coma—to open his eyes and breathe on his own. When the freshman from Phoenix returned to campus last week after two months of recovery, Sheffield, the first SCU student hospitalized in the outbreak, had lost some of his hearing—a common result of bacterial meningitis. But he knows he was very, very lucky. Meningococcal disease is a rare but severe bacterial infection of the lining of the brain and spinal cord. It could have left Sheffield with brain damage, learning disabilities, amputated limbs or paralysis. Or even dead. Sheffield, his parents and physicians said it was a crucial combination of timing and good instincts that carried the day for not only Sheffield, but also the two other male students hospitalized more briefly at San Jose’s O’Connor Hospital during the outbreak. Neither the Santa Clara County Public Health Department nor Sheffield can pinpoint exactly where he picked up the bacteria. Ten percent of the general population carries the bacteria in their throats, said Dr. George Han, the department’s communicable disease controller. “For whatever reason,” Han said, “it’s unknown why some people—very few people—come down with the invasive disease.” What is known is that meningococcal meningitis is spread through the exchange of respiratory and throat secretions, which can occur when people live or sleep in close quarters. It also can spread through kissing, coughing or sharing eating utensils and beverages. Teens and young adults have a higher risk for meningococcal disease, and dormitories and other crowded settings can become dangerous breeding grounds. Unknown to many parents, the deadly strain of meningitis Sheffield contracted is different from the strains that are prevented by the typical meningitis vaccination that is part of most students’ standard immunization records. So it’s up to doctors to talk about the other, newer vaccine with patients and their parents to help counteract the meningitis B strain of the disease. One of the three SCU students hospitalized in the outbreak was originally diagnosed with meningitis, but further tests could not confirm the initial results, Han said. Sheffield said memories of that awful weekend in late January are just starting to return to him. The tall, lanky 19-year-old who keeps his Globe skateboard handy for ice tea runs to a Starbucks just off campus said he was pledging at the Pi Kappa Alpha fraternity and was feeling run down. After his initial symptoms surfaced on Jan. 30, he felt lucid enough to call his parents about 10:15 p.m. to tell them he didn’t feel well. They agreed to talk again the next morning. But after they hung up, Tara Sheffield told her husband, Larry, that their son sounded much more worried than normal. Still, both parents said, his reaction might have been due to the fact that it was the first time he had been sick since he went away to school. “In hindsight, we should have asked more questions, like, ‘Is your neck stiff?””—one of the signs of meningitis, Tara Sheffield said. “But we didn’t know to ask that question.” Back in the dorm room, as the hours passed, their son grew more confused and unable to talk. With his last ounce of strength, he threw his body onto the foot of his roommate’s bed to get his attention, he recalled. By sunup, his alarmed roommate, Akshaye Pal, phoned campus security, which called an ambulance. Pal, who had spent much of the night searching the Web for clues to his roommate’s condition, said paramedics thought Sheffield was drunk and relayed that impression to the emergency room staff at O’Connor Hospital. Dr. Brian McBeth, assistant medical director at O’Connor’s ER, said that he could understand why they might have thought that. But, he said, most intoxicated college students usually get to the ER at 2 a.m. or 3 a.m.—after a night of partying. Sheffield, however, had arrived around 8 a.m., which made the timing unusual, he said. And he had a burning fever—an indication of an infection. Sheffield also was confused and agitated—so much so that ER staff members had to hold him down and strap him onto a gurney. He was unable to communicate. McBeth began to suspect meningococcal infection. Then he saw the telltale clue: a rash progressing rapidly all over Sheffield’s body. The doctor became extremely worried. “I know a significant number of these people do not have good outcomes,” the ER veteran said. McBeth ordered intravenous antibiotics immediately to stop the progression of the bacteria attacking Sheffield’s body. A spinal tap revealed a milky white spinal fluid; it should normally be clear. Then McBeth knew for sure it was meningitis. He called Sheffield’s parents, who jumped on a plane to San Jose. Unlike millions of other parents, they knew a lot about the devastating disease: Their youngest daughter was a first-year student at UC Santa Barbara in 2013 when four students fell ill from a form of bacterial meningitis. Three recovered, but the fourth, a lacrosse player, lost both of his feet. Larry Sheffield called their son’s roommate “the first hero” for making the call to campus security. McBeth “is the second hero” because even before the results of the spinal tap came back he had already started their son on lifesaving antibiotics. “As we have learned, time is of the essence—every minute, every second counts,” Larry Sheffield said. “Those extra few minutes could have saved Bradley’s life or stopped any damage.” He and his wife said they cannot thank everyone enough—including the university for housing them during the two weeks their son needed extended antibiotic treatment before they took him home to Phoenix for weeks of rest and physical therapy. As for Bradley, who had lost 30 pounds during the ordeal but is now almost back to his 165-pound fighting weight, the experience has made him reflect on the fragility of life. “You don't think something like this is going to happen to you,” he said. “It’s a miracle there’s not more damage—and a miracle that I recovered so fast.” VACCINES FOR STUDENTS Santa Clara University is sponsoring three more vaccination clinics for students to receive the second dose of the meningitis B vaccine on Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday. University and public health officials strongly recommend that all students receive both doses of the vaccine to have the highest level of protection against serogroup B meningococcal disease. Students can now sign up for their appointments at www.scu.edu/cowell . April 5, 2016 Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. SCU President Michael Engh, S.J. , greets students during a massive vaccination effort. Photo by Joanne Lee Leadership Board - About CAS - College of Arts and Sciences - Santa Clara University Skip to main content Santa Clara University Santa Clara University College of Arts and Sciences Pre-registration begins May 2nd at 8:00 a.m. EST and 5 a.m. PST for July 2017 trip to St. Petersburg with Prof. Asya Pereltsvaig Spring Quarter Announcements: Register for Courses Courses Start March 23 - June 3 Spring Catalog ; Summer Quarter Announcements: Summer Registration Wednesday,;June 1 at 9AM; Now Available for Viewing ; Membership Registration The current OLLI membership year is from ; August 1, 2015 through July 31, 2016. ; Click here ;to become a member.; ; Lifelong Learning Through Travel OLLI@SCU is instituting another exciting lifelong learning option for members– a travel program ;featuring small group, educational tours. ;; Special Interest Groups (SIGs) SIGs ;are another way for OLLI@SCU members to continue lifelong learning beyond the classroom.; Class Registration You MUST be a current member of Osher to enroll in a class or events.; No exceptions. You must create a login to register for classes and events. ; Click here ;to register for classes.; ; Calendar Please visit our; calendar ;page for ALL classes, events, trips and;meetings. ;; Catalog and Newsletter The current ;Newsletter ;is now available.; Click here ;to view the current Newsletter. Osher Lifelong Learning Institute Tom Eichenberg '76 on Family, Service, and ROTC Jennifer Zeidan ’09: From Al Jazeera to Lucasfilm Amanda Major Reporting What Matters Tech journalist Kurt Wagner '12 reflects on his favorite class at SCU and his most rewarding story. Jesse Caemmerer Earns Inaugural “China Rhodes” Scholarship From a small town in Washington to the third largest city on the planet—with stops at SCU and Singapore along the way—political science and international relations alum Jesse Caemmerer ’14 has officially made an international name for himself after being chosen to join Beijing’s inaugural class of Schwarzman Scholars. - Books, Articles, ; More Everything Library Catalog Articles What is OneSearch? OSCAR - Library Catalog Simple Search Advanced Search Title Journal Title Author Subject Course Professor/Instructor Course Department/Name Call Number Government Document Number Standard Number (ISBN, ISSN, etc.) OCLC/Bibliographic Control Number My Library Account · Advanced Search Databases Please Select a Subject Accounting Anthropology Applied Mathematics Art ; Art History Bioengineering Biology Business Chemistry Civil Engineering Classics Communication Computer Engineering Counseling Psychology Economics Education Electrical Engineering Engineering Engineering Management English Environmental Studies Ethics Ethnic Studies Finance General ; Reference Government Health ; Public Health History Law ; Legal Management Marketing Mathematics Mechanical Engineering Modern Languages Music Philosophy Physics Political Science Psychology Religious Studies Science Social Entrepreneurship Sociology Theatre ; Dance Women ; Gender Studies Browse by Subject, Type, or Vendor Browse by Title: A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P R S T U V W # Having problems accessing a database or electronic resource? Please report it. Journals ; Magazines Title Begins With Title Contains Title Equals ISSN equals - Choose Subject - Anthropology Art ; Art History Biography Biology Business Chemistry Communication Education Engineering English Environmental Sciences Ethics Ethnic Studies Gay ; Lesbian Studies General ; Reference Government Health ; Medicine History Law ; Legal Studies Mathematics Military Science Modern Languages Music Newspapers Philosophy Physics Political Science Psychology Religious Studies Sciences Sociology Theatre ; Dance Women's Studies Having problems accessing a database or electronic resource? Please report it. OSCAR Keyword Searches Streaming Videos eBooks OneSearch Everything Library Catalog Articles What is OneSearch? OSCAR - Library Catalog Simple Search Advanced Search Title Journal Title Author Subject Course Professor/Instructor Course Department/Name Call Number Government Document Number Standard Number (ISBN, ISSN, etc.) OCLC/Bibliographic Control Number My Library Account · Advanced Search Databases Please Select a Subject Accounting Anthropology Applied Mathematics Art ; Art History Bioengineering Biology Business Chemistry Civil Engineering Classics Communication Computer Engineering Counseling Psychology Economics Education Electrical Engineering Engineering Engineering Management English Environmental Studies Ethics Ethnic Studies Finance General ; Reference Government Health ; Public Health History Law ; Legal Management Marketing Mathematics Mechanical Engineering Modern Languages Music Philosophy Physics Political Science Psychology Religious Studies Science Social Entrepreneurship Sociology Theatre ; Dance Women ; Gender Studies Browse by Subject, Type, or Vendor Browse by Title A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P R S T U V W # Having problems accessing a database or electronic resource? Please report it. Journals ; Magazines Title Begins With Title Contains Title Equals ISSN equals - Choose Subject - Anthropology Art ; Art History Biography Biology Business Chemistry Communication Education Engineering English Environmental Sciences Ethics Ethnic Studies Gay ; Lesbian Studies General ; Reference Government Health ; Medicine History Law ; Legal Studies Mathematics Military Science Modern Languages Music Newspapers Philosophy Physics Political Science Psychology Religious Studies Sciences Sociology Theatre ; Dance Women's Studies Having problems accessing a database or electronic resource? Please report it. Streaming Videos / Ebooks Streaming Videos eBooks ; Library News Tweets by @SCU_Library Library Events Outskirts of the EU: Photographs by Jerzy Durczak March 29 - June 12 Learning Commons, 2nd Floor A selection of photographs by Polish Fulbright Senior Fellow Jerzy Durczak. Creative Expression - Beyond the Classroom - College of Arts and Sciences - Santa Clara University Skip to main content Santa Clara University Santa Clara University College of Arts and Sciences Leadership. Academics. Service.; Engaging talented and committed students who will form the next generation of ethical leaders is central to Santa Clara University's mission. The University's Johnson Scholars Program recognizes, rewards, and challenges exceptionally well-qualified students to explore their personal potential and develop deep leadership skills, while also attaining high levels of academic achievement.; Since its founding in 1851, Santa Clara University has educated generations of leaders committed to building a better world. Located in the heart of Silicon Valley, SCU is ideally situated at the nexus of technology, innovation, entrepreneurship, and social justice. Educators, researchers, founders of nonprofits, entrepreneurs, global business leaders, and members of presidential cabinets have been shaped by the tradition of a rigorous and holistic Jesuit, Catholic education that characterizes the Santa Clara experience. Today, this remarkable heritage inspires the Johnson Scholars Program at Santa Clara University. Comprehensive and intellectually challenging, this program prepares graduates to make meaningful contributions toward a more just, humane, and sustainable world. It is designed to cultivate in students compassionate, intelligent, and empowered leadership that has distinguished a Santa Clara University education for more than 160 years. Mission The Facilities Department supports the mission of Santa Clara University by coordinating and accomplishing the planning, design, creation, operation, and maintenance of a quality physical environment that fosters excellence in teaching, learning, scholarship and administration. Achieving this goal requires a solid foundation of values, which defines the focus, priorities and direction of our commitment. Three essential values are:; Customer Service, Quality of Work Life, and Efficient Use of Resources. As we examine the way we do business, solve problems and make changes, we strive to use these three values as guidelines for assessing and proposing solutions. Every action, decision and initiative undertaken should be consistent with at least one of these three values and should never compromise one value to enhance another. Administration includes a diverse group of individuals providing a variety of systems and services, which allow other Facilities Teams to achieve excellence. Staff Jeff Charles Director of Facilities Chris Young Assistant Director, Buildings ; Grounds Greg Davis; Supervisor - Building Maintenance Gary Vargas Supervisor - Grounds Maintenance; Evelyn Lopez Contract Custodial Manager; ; ; ; ; ;; Joe Pereira Supervisor - Custodial Services; Andy Hernandez; Stockroom Manager; Steve Carrasco; Stockroom Clerk Auto Shop The Auto Shop maintains the University purchased vehicles used by Operations and other ;Campus departments. These vehicles support students and staff functions.; Carlos Santos Auto Shop Mechanic ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;; Custodial Services The Custodial Crew provides a clean environment for Faculty, Staff, Students and Guests. The Custodial support is comprised of an in-house crew of 17 workers as well as a contracted crew (Able). These teams support all routine maintenance as well as annual cleanings, emergency cleanup and weekend policing.; In-House Custodial Services Contracted Custodial Services Facilities Services The Facilities Crew for Santa Clara University provides all General Maintenance, Landscape Maintenance, as well as Event and Move requests. These individuals are a dedicated group that takes pride in the work they do for the campus customers.; General Maintenance Landscape Maintenance Event ; Moving Services Recycling ; Waste Submitting a Service Request Service requests can be submitted online through the; AiM ;system which allows for the creation of new Service Requests, as well as the ability to monitor and query for existing Requests. Faculty, Staff, and Students* are welcome to use this online tool.; Click here to go to AiM We highly encourage customers to submit requests Online; however, you can alternatively choose to send an email to; Facilities-CSC@scu.edu ;or call the Customer Service Center at (408) 554-4742. *Students, please access AiM through your eCampus login ; University Operations Not sure what's right for you? Find Your Fit &gt;&gt; Want to land the job you love? Build Skills ; Experience &gt;&gt; Employers are looking for you Search Jobs ; Internships &gt;&gt; With passion, purpose, and skills, SCU graduates are ready for work. Graduate Outcomes &gt;&gt; ; Job Prep Toolkit Lauren Eng Class of 2016, Accounting “The Career Center helped me establish a professional resume and LinkedIn as a first-year. In a competitive job market, this was essential to setting me apart from other applicants. As a result of the services provided by the Career Center, I got an internship in Shanghai and with one of the Big 4 accounting firms.” Gabe Marcus Class of 2015, Economics “I was able to work with the team to craft a highly-targeted, immaculately written resume that caught the eye of nearly every recruiter I spoke with. In addition, I had ample help/advice with salary negotiation/questions that really made me feel like I was making the best and most intelligent decision for ME when accepting my first job out of college.” Levi Strauss and Company "SCU students are passionate and eager to learn and grow. SCU does a great job of teaching the ‘soft skills’ and interpersonal skills needed to be successful beyond school." Mission Santa Clara de Asis Mission Santa Clara de Asís Home Mission Santa Clara de Asís Established in 1777, Mission Santa Clara is now the Student Chapel for Santa Clara University. Welcome to the spiritual and historic heart of Santa Clara University Historic Mission Santa Clara is a beautiful icon that sits at the center of our campus. ;First established in 1777, the Franciscan Order handed the Mission over to the Society of Jesus (the Jesuits) in 1851, who then started Santa Clara College, the first institution of higher education;in California. ;Today, the Mission serves as the student chapel for Santa Clara Universtiy. Mission Santa Clara de Asís Mass Schedule Wedding Information Event Information Historical Information Funerals and Baptisms Visitor Information Hours and Directions Photo Gallery Photography On Campus Contact Us Donate Volunteer Ministry Sign-Ups Sign up to become a part of one of our volunteer ministries at our Sunday masses! 10am Mass Monthly Newsletter News and Info from our 10am Morning Mass 
